Workers mill about outside the entrance of the Toys R Us flagship store. The 110,000-square-foot space is being prepped forits 5 p.m. opening“Every little bit counts,” says Alvarado, who plans to spend up to $500 on gifts for his nieces and nephews. “Saving a dollar or two goes a long way.”Shoppers line up outside the Toys R Us flagship store in Times Square.Shoppers browse the toys at Toys R Us on Thanksgiving.The assault has begun on the "Frozen" merchandise. Toys from Disney’s mega movie franchise are the hottest of the year among girls, dethroning longtime favorite Barbie,according to a surveyfrom the National Retail Federation. In fact, the "Frozen" goodies are situated near the life-size Barbie dollhouse and alongside Barbie toys.This post has been updated to include a comment from Toys R UsTurkey comes second for bargain-hunting Thanksgiving shoppersBlack Thursday — er, Friday — is hereBest Doorbuster Deals for Black Friday at Toys "R" Us, Macy's, Walmart, Sam's ...Toys 'R' Us to Open at 5 pm on ThanksgivingToys 'R' Us and JCPenney both opening at 5 pm on ThanksgivingOverall, the slide is a boon for consumers in oil-importing regions like Asia, Europe and North America. But there are also some possible negatives.NORTH AMERICAThe U.S. economy will receive an outsized benefit from lower oil prices because the U.S. is the world's largest oil consumer."It's a nice easy, calculation," Kloza says. "These are numbers that we would have regarded three or four months ago as something from the lunatic fringe."The bottom should come between $2.50 and $2.70 a gallon, Kloza says.Canadian consumers are also catching a break. In some regions, such as southern Ontario, gasoline could fall below the important psychological barrier of $1 per liter.Drillers will have to cut back at least some activity. Forcing this kind of slowdown may have been part of OPEC's motivation for declining to cut its own production.WESTERN EUROPEThe few European producing countries — mainly Britain and Norway in the North Sea — face a drop in revenues that could balance out the positives of cheaper fuel.Venezuelan drivers won't immediately see a difference in price, though, because gasoline is heavily subsidized. Drivers there pay the equivalent of 5 cents a gallon.Prices are expected to fall but that will complicate the government's efforts to end Japan's deflation.CHINA, EMERGING ASIAN ECONOMIESMalaysia is among the few oil-exporting nations in Asia, so the drop is hurting its coffers. But it is also cutting expensive fuel subsidies.Nightmare day for oil stocksOil stocks and oil-related currencies slammed by OPEC moveDow ekes out record close  oil plummets 8.9%Oil Tumbles Below $70 as Stocks Drop  Bonds, Dollar RallyCanada Oil Stocks Plunge Most in Three Years on OPECEuropean oil stocks hit as OPEC holds production targetEuropean Shares Decline as Oil Stocks Continue Their PlungeLondon oil stocks shoved lower as OPEC keeps production targetClosing Update: Indices End Little Changed - OPEC Sends Global Oil Stocks ...Europe pared losses to close flat after CPI dataOverall, the slide is a boon for consumers in oil-importing regions like Asia, Europe and North America. But there are also some possible negatives.NORTH AMERICAThe U.S. economy will receive an outsized benefit from lower oil prices because the U.S. is the world's largest oil consumer."It's a nice easy, calculation," Kloza says. "These are numbers that we would have regarded three or four months ago as something from the lunatic fringe."The bottom should come between $2.50 and $2.70 a gallon, Kloza says.Canadian consumers are also catching a break. In some regions, such as southern Ontario, gasoline could fall below the important psychological barrier of $1 per liter.Drillers will have to cut back at least some activity. Forcing this kind of slowdown may have been part of OPEC's motivation for declining to cut its own production.WESTERN EUROPEThe few European producing countries — mainly Britain and Norway in the North Sea — face a drop in revenues that could balance out the positives of cheaper fuel.Venezuelan drivers won't immediately see a difference in price, though, because gasoline is heavily subsidized. Drivers there pay the equivalent of 5 cents a gallon.Prices are expected to fall but that will complicate the government's efforts to end Japan's deflation.CHINA, EMERGING ASIAN ECONOMIESMalaysia is among the few oil-exporting nations in Asia, so the drop is hurting its coffers. But it is also cutting expensive fuel subsidies.Nightmare day for oil stocksOil stocks and oil-related currencies slammed by OPEC moveDow ekes out record close  oil plummets 8.9%Oil Tumbles Below $70 as Stocks Drop  Bonds, Dollar RallyCanada Oil Stocks Plunge Most in Three Years on OPECEuropean oil stocks hit as OPEC holds production targetEuropean Shares Decline as Oil Stocks Continue Their PlungeLondon oil stocks shoved lower as OPEC keeps production targetClosing Update: Indices End Little Changed - OPEC Sends Global Oil Stocks ...Europe pared losses to close flat after CPI data