ATHENS, Greece (AP) — Greek journalists are on a 24-hour strike, pulling all newscasts off the air a day before a nationwide general strike against austerity measures.Radio and television stations were not broadcasting any news bulletins Wednesday, and current affairs websites were not being updated from 6 a.m. No Thursday newspapers will be published.No news today: Greek journalists strike against austerity - Europe ...Greek journalists on strike - Israel News, Ynetnews24-hour journalists' strike on Wednesday | protothemanews.comGreek Mass Media Strike on Wednesday, Ahead of Thursday's General StrikeDon Lemon really needs to start tothink before he speakson live television.The CNN anchor was describing the scene from outside the Ferguson police station Monday night, just moments after the announcement that police officer Darren Wilsonwould not be indictedfor killing unarmed teenager Michael Brown. Speaking with Anderson Cooper, Lemon reported hearing the sounds of gunfire and seeing protesters jumping on cars.And then he said: "Obviously, there is the smell of marijuana in the air."But to viewers at home, that wasn't obvious at all. The comments immediately sparked backlash on Twitter:Anderson Cooper/ CNN reporters putting this is perspective "almost everyone is peaceful".. Don lemon "obviously I smell Marijuana " wtf— Russell Simmons (@UncleRUSH)Did this man just report "obviously there's a smell of marijuana?" How is that obvious to ppl watching on TV?— Derrick N Ashong (@DNAtv)I'm smelling marijuana. I mean tear gas. Wolf, are you in a Hamas tunnel? Is George Zimmerman's attorney available to help?— jeremy scahill (@jeremyscahill)Uh, what? RT: This fromreporter in: "Obviously there is the smell of marijuana in the air.."— Chris Cillizza (@TheFix)Was wondering the same thing. RT: "Obviously there's the smell of marijuana as well." - Don Lemon on CNN. Obviously, Don?— Mark Joyella (@standupkid)OBVIOUSLY MARIJUANA. Don Lemon can't not.— Rich Juzwiak (@RichJuz)GawkerDon Lemon Live from Ferguson: "Obviously, There's a ... - GawkerSay What Now? Don Lemon on Ferguson Protests: 'Obviously ...Don Lemon Asks If Former Surgeon General Would Smoke Pot If It ...CNN Anchor Don Lemon Covers Ferguson Protests, Says Marijuana Smell is ...The potential presidential candidate calls the situation in Ferguson "tragic" and says people have a right to protest but that they should be nonviolent.