As long as I have been able to vote elected officials at the local, state and federal level have struggled with what to do about immigration. When I u...Supporting a policy that has strong, majority support not only from Latinos or Asians but Americans overall isn't pandering to anyone. It's called democracy.Frank IslamEntrepreneur, investor and philanthropistI am an American, a citizen of the United States of America. I will not forget how I got here.  I will not forget that my ancestors were welcomed.I, too, have immigration to this great country in my veins.I am very proud of it. And, I will not let it be forgotten.Jennifer BurdenMaya MathiasSage Leadership Catalyst. Founder of inventivelinks.com. Author of 'Unleash Your InnoMojo'When President Obama mentioned the immigrant father who worked three jobs, to provide for his family, I thought of my dad who did the same.Atima OmaraPresident, Young Democrats of AmericaLauren-Brooke EisenCounsel at the Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University School of Law.The New Yorker has weighed in on the Washington Redskins controversy with a poignant new cover for its Dec. 1 issue.The cover is a clear comment on the controversy surrounding the NFL team in recent months, with many condemning the term "Redskins" as a racial epithet for Native Americans andcalling for the team to change its name“This is 2014, and it seems a little late to be dealing with that stuff,” Bruce McCall, the artist behind the cover,said in a statementCheck out the cover:The 81-Year-Old Newspaper Article That Destroys The Redskins ...The Politics of the Washington Redskins Name Controversy ...The Redskins name controversy gets the 'New Yorker' cover treatmentJackson Teen Leading Rally Against Washington Redskins' Name At San ...For those who deride America'sbiggest retail companiesfor ruining Thanksgiving by offering Black Friday "doorbusters" smack dab in the middle of the holiday, that's hardly the worst of it.Many decades ago retailers actually managed to convince the president tochange the dateof the holiday in order to get people to shop more.In 19during the Great Depression, then President Franklin D. Roosevelt moved Thanksgiving Day a week earlier to give Americans an extra week to do their Christmas shopping.further crimp the economy, FDR simply moved the date.front page of the New York Timeson August 15, 19 .FDR moved Thanksgiving in 19 .There was, of course, much opposition.According to the AP storyto accept the president's proclamation, and kept Thanksgiving on its normal day. Overall59 percentof Americans objected to it, according to a Gallup poll.The change was so unpopular FDRhis plan less than two years later, admitting that his Thanksgiving experiment didn't do much to help the retail industry.In 1942, Thanksgiving went back to its old date, and today the holiday is celebrated on thefourth Thursday in November"Some people never forgave him,” Geoffrey C. Ward, author of "The Roosevelts," told The Huffington Post.FDR announced in 1941 that he was moving Thanksgiving back to its original date.Though today, there's no talk of moving Thanksgiving earlier in the month to satisfy corporate America, the effort to make the holiday shopping season longer is still alive and well.Last year, Thanksgiving once againfell late in the month, a "glitch" that retailers worried would cost them billions. In response, many stores opened for the first time on Thanksgiving Day and holiday spending actually increasedover the previous yearFranksgiving - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaHow Thanksgiving Became the Holy Day of Consumerism: Echoes ...Abe Lincoln, cross-dressing and the American way: The real history ...