Minutes after St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCullochfinished his bizarre press conference, detailing a grand jury's decisionnot to indict the officer who killed an unarmed teenager in August,President Barack Obama gave a short speech. As many watched on cable news split screens, the contrast between the White House briefing room and the streets of Ferguson, Missouri, was utterly surreal:Splitscreen: president speaks, while riot police face off against those with hands raised.— Warren Kinsella (@kinsellawarren)Violence in Ferguson lasted hours into the night in response to the grand jury's decision. Protesters set fires and looted local businesses, resulting in over 80 arrests,mostly for burglary and trespassing. Around the nation,thousands more took to the streetsto show solidarity with the people of Ferguson.No indictment for St. Louis County police officer Darren Wilson, who shot and killed 18-year-old Michael Brown, means Wilson will not face state charges. He may still, however,face other consequencesthrough a Department of Justice investigation.Obama's Split-Screen Appeal Lost in Ferguson's Anger ...Split Screen: Obama Calls for Calm as Violence Erupts in Ferguson ...Obama Ferguson split-screen: TV images of president's speech ...Obama Probably Didn't Anticipate These Haunting Split Screens ...Obama on Ferguson: appeal for peace overshadowed in split ...Shortly after a grand jury decidedFerguson Police Officer Darren Wilson for killing 18-year-old Michael Brown, a series of tear gas explosions hit protesters and journalists covering the scene.CNN's Chris Cuomo was nearly struck by tear gas coming from the direction of law enforcement officers. Watch the video above.There are some scary things going on in the world this week, so we collected some of them in our latest Week to Week news quiz. 

Here are some random...As a female Republican candidate with extreme, far right-wing views and a love for guns, Iowa's U.S. Senate hopeful Joni Ernst is a lot like Sarah Palin or Michele Bachmann.Robert CreamerPolitical Organizer, Strategist, Author  Partner Democracy PartnersBoth the show and I have our moments, but what gets me aboutThe NewsroomRichard ZombeckWendy N. PowellMgt Consultant  Professor  Career Expert  Author, Management Experience Acquired