Stuart Elliotthas been theadvertising columnistsince May 1991, writing the weekday advertising report as well as other news articles and features. He also writes a weekly e-mail newsletter,In Advertising, for The New York Times on the Web and previously produced radio reports and podcasts for the Times on advertising and marketing topics.Follow Stuart Elliott onThe AMC cable television network is considering a series that would explore how Madison Avenue remakes itself to meet the changing needs of clients.Marketing and media companies are now capitalizing on consumer interest in high school sports and becoming big boosters of them.The war in Iraq seemed to linger just below the surface of many of this year’s Super Bowl commercials.Before product placement became such a lucrative business, movie studios tended to place imaginary products on the screen.Account assignments, miscellaneous news from advertising agencies and more.America   s largest pizza seller is confronting sagging sales by overhauling its 56-year-old brand with revamped recipes, a new catchphrase and a series of cheeky television spots.A list of resources from around the Web about the advertising industry as selected by Stuart Elliott of The New York Times.or emailPublished: November 25, 2014 | 11:47pmPublished: November 25, 2014 | 10:44pmPublished: November 21, 2014 | 6:21amPublished: November 21, 2014 | 6:16amPublished: November 21, 2014 | 6:08amPublished: November 20, 2014 | 12:15amPublished: November 19, 2014 | 5:54amPublished: November 19, 2014 | 5:48amPublished: November 19, 2014 | 5: amPublished: November 15, 2014 | 12:57amCopyright 2014 NYP Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved2014 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights ReservedTERMS OF USEYOUR AD CHOICESWe've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed.Nov. 28 2014 5:17 PMJamming withand plotting city dominationUber said Friday that it has concluded an investigation of New York City general manager Josh Mohrer for alleged privacy violations and has "taken disciplinary actions" against him.Uber began looking into Mohrer 10 days ago after's Johana BhuiyanReached Friday afternoon, a spokeswoman for Uber declined to comment on any specifics of the "disciplinary actions" or discuss what might have prompted them other than thereport. She also declined to comment on the timing of the investigation or whether Uber, which isreportedly in talksMohrer has been anotable hindranceharrangued a woman on TwitterRevelations about potential Uber privacy violations came as the company was already under fire for the comments of another executive, Emil Michael, who suggestedhiring opposition researchersto dig up dirt on journalists, according to anotherBuzzfeedreport. Both Michael and Kalanick have sincefor those comments, although the CEO hasn't discussed any disciplinary measures against Michael. The spokeswoman declined to comment further on his case.Over the last two weeks, Uber has made several attempts to regain trust in its business and privacy policies. The same day as Uber began investigating Mohrer, it published a, was "for a limited set of legitimate business purposes." Two days after that, Uberit had recruited Harriet Pearson, a partner at law firm Hogan Lovells, to work with its privacy team and review its practices.According to a statement released by the company on Friday, the Hogan Lovells review is "already underway" and will evaluate "our privacy policies and practices, including employee training and compliance."Nov. 28 2014 9:43 AMThisoriginally appeared inIncWithThanksgivingjust past and ourshopping holidayBakerella.comsite. Her icing-and-cake confections took off.Later that year, she landed on theMartha StewartShow, and since then, she has published three cake pop cookbooks, one of which has been translated into ten languages.It was viralbut it wasnt like what you see today. Word of mouth was really big,says Dudley, who came to celebrate National Cake Pop Day on February 1.m the one [who] created the craze,she says.I wanted to have some meaning behind the day.Still, you may think: Wait a tick, aren't there already a gazillion holidays? And isnt it weirdpossibly off-puttingto just coin a new one?even though the breakfast staple has long been celebrated on Sept. 26. Next year, Shrove Tuesday is on Feb. 17that is the day after Presidents Day and three days after Valentines Day. The company plans to celebrate the hotcake on March 3 instead.Those are busy days for us already,says Kevin Mortensen, a spokesman for DineEquity, the owner of the pancake chain.Sometimes the calendar doesn't line up well.But thats not stopping people from claiming a free short stack. Since 2006, IHOP has raised more than $16million for charities and has given away an estimated 26million pancakes.National Pancake Dayalso happens to be one of IHOP's biggest sales days of the year, says Mortensen.It really has taken on a life of its own,he adds.It hardly stops with pancakes. Besides the 11 federal holidays, Americans observe a long list of religious holidays, feasts, and anniversariesAnd you cant possibly forget theHallmark Holidaysso named for the greeting-card company that popularized the practice of sending cards to loved ones on certain days of the year, like Mothers Day. There are approximately 23 of those.All told,Nationaldaycalendar.comrecognizes 1,100 annual holidays, says Marlo Anderson, the founder of the Mandan, North Dakota-based national holiday tracker. He adds that his site doesnt even cover all of the holidays in existence.We research [each holiday] and if just six people post [about it] on Twitter, well pass,he says.We dont want to dilute the days we have on there with days that aren't so recognizable.Still, there is room for more. If you can make a case for why your day ought to be in existence and you can fork over $1,500 to $3,500the fee National Day Calendarcharges for issuing a press release and a 13-by-19-inch framed proclamationAnderson is all ears. Just ask talk-show hostEllen DeGeneres, who recently snagged her own national day, which also happens to be her birthday, January 26.She had a compelling story,says Anderson.About one year ago, she posted something about National Cat Day sayingthe only thing wrong with this is that I should have my own national day.It just went crazy,Hundreds of thousands of people wrote us.John-Bryan Hopkins fromsuggests that, actually, its even easier than that to lasso your own day. And he should know.I am the guy who has created about 173 of the national food holidays we celebrate today,says the Birmingham, Alabama-based social media consultant who operates the hobby site. While many of the food holidays he tracksNational Indian Pudding Day(November 13) toNational Doughnut Day(first Friday of June)were already in existence, he wanted to fete at least one type of food, dish, or cuisine for each day of the year. So, he made some upFrog Legson Leap Day.To make up a holiday, Hopkins says it's a matter of just putting it out there and doing some coordinated marketing around the day.If Im on Twitter and I have 850,000 followers and I get 100 or 150 retweets for a national day post, in the Google database, that day exists,says Hopkins.Next year, that day is that day.The question is, how do you turn your holiday into a payday? For starters, consider teaming up, suggests Hopkins.If I were a little corner shop, I would probably work with other people and get everyone to agree to promote it,That's the strategy behindGreen Friday,We have really high expectations,Fox, the owner of the Grass Station, in Denver, toldBloombergNow weve got the legal means for people to give marijuana as a gift, and thats never really been something that was feasible in the past.We have really high expectations... Now that we've got the legal means for people to give marijuana as a giftTo further confirm the power of fictional holidays, consider the success of Cyber Monday (the Monday following Thanksgiving) andSmall Business Saturdayindependent merchants, according to the financial services giant.Earlier this month, the Chinese e-commerce juggernaut Alibaba generated $9.3 billion in sales in one day after creating its own shopping holiday dubbedSingles Day. Hard to argue with the point of that holiday, which is for you to celebrate you by buying yourself a gift.Of course, coming up with your own national day can be tricky. After all, asmall business is hardly in the same league as American Express and Alibaba.Anyone can attempt to start a day and if it catches on, great,But it takes a lot of years for this to catch on. Singles Day may be an exception to the rule.Ultimately, you need to consider what your goals are, suggests Anderson. If youFor Bakerellas Dudley, National Cake Pop Day was a product of wanting to keep her community of cake pop aficionados interested and engaged with the dessert.Its something to have fun with on social media,ll post a photo on Facebook, Instagram and maybe my site. Its a reminder for people to celebrate.And if they want to buy one of her cookbooks, toys and line of cake pop baking tools, that's OK too, she adds.See Also:To Work or Not to Work Thanksgiving WeekendNov. 28 2014 7:00 AMFor shoppers of age in Colorado and Washington state, the most novel deal this Black Friday isnt a gadget like the iPhone 6. If what theyre looking for is relaxation, theyre in luck: For their first Black Friday ever, recreational marijuana dispensaries in those states are offering some great deals on weed.This is one of the first times in the nation that wesays John Satterfield, a distribution worker at DenverKindman Premium CannabisKindman had its lights on for a few hours this Thanksgivingjust in case you want[ed] to get away from the family,says SatterfieldFor dispensaries, the move into Black Friday discounts represents another step into the mainstream. Sean Taggart, manager of theGreen Room, said the Boulder, Colorado dispensary is also offering discounts, including pricing all of their eighths at $40usually $50.People will be out and about already, so we might as well accommodate the people that are out taking on Black Friday already,Taggart says.$8 billion a year by 2018The move into Black Friday promotions raises the same issues for dispensaries as it does for any other outletlike whether employees should have to work during a time traditionally spent with family.Green Anne, a dispensary in Seattle, will not be open, says manager Eduardo Beaumont.Were a really small shop, and we dont have that many people working here, and my boss respects the fact that people want to be with their families,Beaumont says. He added that Green Anne will probably be one of few places that stays closed.The products may be new, but the quandariesand the traditionsdefinitely aren't.re trying to do things to give back to our customers,Satterfield says.And just trying to spread the holiday cheer and get everybody a little bit high.Nov. 28 2014 5:48 AMJust a few years ago, Black Friday was the most powerful force in marketing, representing:But Black Friday is showing signs of weakness. A case in point: Retail analystpredicts that Black Friday will fall to No. 3 in sales, after the Saturday before Christmas (December 20) and the day after Christmas.What's Black Friday's malady? A deadly disease called "semantic satiationWhen Black Friday described something specificthe day after Thanksgiving when you risked being trampled to score that 50-inch TVIf you're in the retail business, this matters because "Black Friday" will become less and less effective as a term that lures shoppers.If you're not in retail, you should also care. There are many terms that are effective for while, but quickly become overused to the point of meaning nothing. (Paradigm, I'm looking at you.)While it's difficult to resist the temptation to jump on the bandwagon, the way you get attention is by sounding different than everyone else.For example, here's Wal-Mart's U.S.chief merchantDuncan MacNaughton: "It used to be called Black Friday, then it became Thursday, now it's a week long. Maybe we should just call it November."Black Friday, RIP.Organic Thanksgiving Was Worth the Extra CostNov. 26 2014 2:59 PMThis Thanksgiving,of Americans will slide back from their dinner tables, get in their cars, and head for a postprandial shopping trip to snap up deals at a holiday sale.Please, please do not be one of those peopleboth for your own sake, and out of respect for the retail staff who get dragooned into coming to work on a day they should have off with family.I know. Complaining about our mania for holiday bargain-hunting, and that Black Friday now begins on Brown Thursday, is already a bit of a clich. Progressive-minded writers seem to spend every November lamenting the misfortune of employees forced to show up to their job on Thanksgiving. The econ bloggers athave practically devotedan entire monthof coverage to the subject. Meanwhile, stores like Costco, Crate and Barrel, and Marshallsnow bragabout the fact that theyopen on our national day of gluttony as a way of painting themselves as family-friendly.But it bears repeating. Thanksgiving shopping, as it currently stands, is an awful tradition that should be boycotted.To start, Black Friday (and its Thursday lead-in) is a bit of a sham. Yes, some of those cut-rate flat-screen TVs are a real steal. But, as theWall Street Journalexplained last year, many of the supposedly great deals are acarefully engineered illusion.Retailers regularly mark down merchandise from heavily inflated prices to trick shoppers into believing theyre getting a bargain. Meanwhile, prices oftendrop furtheras the holiday season progresses and stores try to clear out inventory, and better deals can sometimes be found atother times of the year. Plus, in binge-shopping over Thanksgiving weekend,behavioral psychology suggestsre pretty much dooming yourself to overspend, including on full-price items that just happen to be sitting next to those marked-down toaster ovens.In short, those who shop on Thanksgiving are practically begging to be fleeced.the only richnation where workers arent guaranteed paid vacations or holidays, which is why companies like Walmart, which has stayed open on every Thanksgivingsince 1988, can ask their staff to come in whether they want to or not. If we had a humane national vacation policy, none of this would be an issue.But we dont. And so retailers are mostly free to keep whatever hours they choose, and demand their workforce deal with it. Some companies, likeKmart, do say they offer their staff bonus pay for working Thanksgiving (though exactly how much, in Walmarts case,is a bit of a question). But in some cases, workers dont have any choice but to clock in.Kmart employees, for instance, say theyve been told they could lose their jobs or be otherwise punished if they dont come in. Target workers are also reportedly not allowed to ask fortime off works especially galling about this is that early Thanksgiving day sales donnecessarily benefitthe retail industry as a whole. Instead, theyre the product of a massive collective action problem. Opening up on Thursday doesnt increase sales overall. But companies are worried that if they dont, their customers will simply do their shopping elsewhere.Retailers are trying to get a jump on the competition,Bill Martin of mall-traffic tracker ShopperTraklast yearThursday is simply selling the stuff at the expense of Black Friday.Many of the stores that do choose to stay closed on Thanksgiving, like Neiman Marcus, Sams Club, Costco, and Crate and Barrel cater to somewhat wealthier clientele and dont rely on massive markdowns to court customers. They have the luxury of sitting out of the competition. But we cant rationally expect big-box stores like Best Buy, Walmart, and Kmart that cater to the cash-strapped middle class to do the same.We could try to solve this problem with regulation. Massachusetts, Maine, and Rhode Island ban stores from opening on Thanksgiving. A state lawmaker in Ohiohas introduced a billthat would force stores to pay employees triple wages for working on the holiday and allow them to take the day off without facing retaliation.t fall for it.*Correction, Nov. 26, 2014:This post originally misspelled the name of retailer JcPenney.Nov. 26 2014 1:42 PMThe iPhone 6 has already carried Apple to arecord-breaking quarterand on Tuesday led the company to an unprecedented$700 billion valuation. According to a report this week, that's likely only the beginning. By one analyst's estimate, Apple will sellanother 71.5 million iPhonesduring the current quarter and holiday season. More than half of those devices will be the big-screened iPhone 6.It's quite possible that you too want to get in on the iPhone 6 gift actionWith ATT Next, which allows for upgrades every 12, 18, or 24 months, or go on a plan without an annual contract.T-Mobile, which calls itself the "uncarrier," is unique for pushing plans with no annual service contracts. Because of that, T-Mobile users generally have to buy their devices outright. Depending onhow much datayou tend to use, this can actually end up saving money in the long-run. And if your friend/family member/other gift recipient is open tocarriers, then T-Mobile is the way to go.As part of its "contract freedom" model, T-Mobile pays off early termination fees (the charge to leave a contract prematurely) of up to $350 for people who switch from ATT gives customers who switch over a $150 credit but does not cover early termination fees either.A few months ago, the folks over atWiredalso compiled ahelpful guideNov. 26 2014 11:53 AMOh, printed pants: We hardly knew ye. Come Black Friday, retailers will slash prices on everything from iPads to high-end loose leaf tea. These price cuts are far from randomreleased a reportcontaining, among other things, suggestions for clothes to discount because theyre about to be unfashionable.The company used its analytics software and crunched numbers from itsapparel data warehouseof pricing, assortment, and product metrics to determine whats on its way out in the fashion world. Read ahead at your wardrobes peril.According to EDITD, statement outerwear (read: intentionally weird coats) are second to go. Theyve also seen a discount spike since August, averaging price slashes of 22.4 percent.The Panda Oversized Moto Jacket by Tibi at Bloomingdale, which indeed is oversized but is baby blue and thus looks nothing like an actual panda, is one of the reports recent examples, although it's mercifully now unavailable.Fur items are also a no-noto the delight of homebody college students everywhere.Rounding out the list are Christmas sweaters. We all know Christmas sweaters are timelessin fact, arrivals this October are up 126 percent from last Octoberbut they also dond recommend for particular ridicule the puff ballChristmas Pudding Sweater by New Look at ASOSThen again, ugly Christmas sweaters seem to come back every year. Will the printed pants, furs, and weird coats join them as seasonal standbys, or quietly fade to mega-clearance obscurity?Nov. 25 2014 3:42 PMBloomberg has an interesting take today on Canada's oil boom. In addition to fueling cheap gas prices, the boost in crude output is also creating ashortage of cowboysThe Canadian cattle herd is at its smallest since 1993 with 13.3 million livestock as of this July. One analyst told Bloombergthat meat packers are expected to slaughter just 2.4 million cattle in 2015the smallest number since 1963. Meat packing plants are operating at their lowest capacity since 2008.In the U.S., the cattle situation isn't any better. The U.S. Department of Agriculture has described the current cattle herd of 87.7 million as thesmallest since 1951. Beef prices have been on a tear, boosting everything from the steak costs in your local grocery store to the sticker price on thebeef burrito optionsat Chipotle. A recent report in Reuters noted that beef prices, predicted to rise 11.5 percent this year, could add another 5 percent in 2015 on drought and disease.Nov. 25 2014 1:31 PM, it's another way for Amazon toedge onto the turfof brick-and-mortar retailers.strayed from that missionlately. Installations and repairs also seem like an obvious target for Amazon to take onthere's plenty of room to improve those hours-long installation windows and no-show deliveries thatfrustrate customersroutinely. TheJournalalso notes that Amazon will show customer reviews of the service providers on its website.According to Amazon'sThe local services rollout comes about a month and a half after Amazon took another big step to compete with traditional retailers: deciding to open aphysical store. The space is planned for 7 West 34signed a leasefor the 470,000-square-foot spot. It's good for 17 years.Nov. 24 2014 6:07 PMInstead of competing head on with Amazon this Black Friday, BarnesNoble is looking to offer something that the online retailer can't. The bookstoreannounced todayBarnesNoble's vice president of adult trade and children's books, toldthat authors weren't paid for their efforts but were"hugely enthusiastic"about the plan.It   ssigning THE ESCAPE! Shop early 11/28 for a chance to get your own copy.Noble's physical locations, but it also seems like a savvy one. After all, if you come in to snag an autographed copy ofThe GoldfinchThe Polar Expressthe kind of thing you can't just download onto your Kindleyou might also decide to pick up that copy ofPride and Prejudiceyou'd been meaning to get instead of ordering it online.