The annual pre-Thanksgiving tradition is finally upon us. In the tradition   s 25th year, PresidentBarack Obamawill pardon two lucky turkeys, named Mac and Cheese, in the Rose Garden this afternoon.Happy Thanksgiving from FishbowlDC!Watch live at 2:15 PM/ET viaPBS NewsHourBroadcast live streaming video on UstreamTVNewser has the fullratings scoreboardfrom Monday night.PR News Online just released thefirst-ever listof women named to its new Top Women in PR Awards program 8211 and most of the names won   t surprise you.In some non-Ferguson related news 8230  CNN   sChris Moody spent time with Congresswoman Michele Bachmannand Congressman Steve Kinglast week at the US-Mexico border. Chris discussed President Obama   s new executive order on immigration with the two staunchly opposed representatives.captured footage of a pregnant woman crossing the river, as well as what they claimed were narcotraffickers.Chris at dinner with King and Bachmann. ¡Salud!However, King and Bachmann must   ve chosen a slow traffic day when returning with CNN, because this time, they were unable to find any border indiscretions.Mourners of the lateMarion Barry, Jr DC   s four-term mayor who passed away on Sunday, can pay their respects next Saturday, Dec. 6, during a public memorial service at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center.According to The Washington Post,there will be a series of memorial events next week for Barry leading up to the Saturday service.The city is expected to hold a press conference this afternoon with more details. Stay tuned.CNN   sJohn KingBret Baierand CNN   s Wolf BlitzerUnfortunately, the Wizards fell to the Hawks 106-102 in somewhat of a sloppy performance.Let   s go Wizkids! #dcRisingWhat   s Happening— Thanksgiving, Thursday—  8220 Yes, Virginia 8221  Family Day at the Newseum, Saturday at 9 a.m.The Revolving DoorKnow someone starting or leaving a job? Let us know.Fishbowl Fun FactOnly male turkeys gobble. Female turkeys, called hens, cackle.Front Page of the DayABC   shas apparently landed the first interview with officerDarren Wilsonfollowing news that he will not be indicted.via Twitterthat the hourlong sit-down has already been taped.No word yet on when the interview will air.Dylan Byersof POLITICO,Karen Finney, former DNC spokesperson and MSNBC commentator, will join Media Matters For America as a senior fellow and consultant. The liberal watchdog group told POLITICOthat Finney,  8220 will write regular commentary pieces for Media Matters in addition to continuing her independent consultancy and other projects. 8221Finney previously worked in the Clinton White House as well ass first New York Senate race. She was also the first African-American spokeswoman for the DNC and has been an MSNBC commentator and guest host since 2009.NPR   s former vice president and and chief content officer,Kinsey Wilson  8221 He will be the newsroom’s main liaison on digital matters to the business side of The Times Company, 8221  the Times said in aWilson, who led and transformed NPR   s digital strategy over the last six years, was let go last month as part of a major reorganization at the organization.Dean Baquet,executive editor of The New York Times wrote in a memo obtained byNEXT PAGEThe Great LA Walk on Saturday traversed Ventura Boulevard, including the Valley's most historic spot in Encino.Subscribe to RSS headline updates from:Powered by FeedBurnerFestivities at Hollywood Forever cemetery.Iris SchneiderBlogsColumnsFeatured Blogs(Rick Wilking / Reuters)Matea Gold 32LivePost PoliticsThe Fix by Chris CillizzaLatest Politics NewsJoe Davidson 32Feds can ask a health insurance expert about options during open season.Adriano Udani 32New data from the November election finds big differences between whites and blacks.Jaime Fuller 32Happy Black Friday!Elliot Spagat 32President Obamas action may inspire greater effort to prey on those seeking legal status.David Montgomery and Wesley Lowery 32As residents cope with racial strife, the St. Louis suburb still finds much for which to be grateful.Associated Press 32Procedure paved the way for routine live-donor transplants.Philip Bump 32A look at background check data over time -- and in Missouri.Joshua Tucker 32Monkey falls in love with turkey...A look at the digital Godzillas campaign toolkit.Reid Wilson 32A series of reforms has reversed the explosive growth of the inmate population.Paul Kane 32The senator is squaring off against his old friend in a race that has caused anxiety in their party.Josh Hicks 32Rep. Ral M. Grijalva says structural engineers saw signs of trouble in BPs Atlantis offshore oil platform.Rosalind S. Helderman and Philip Rucker 32Private e-mails detail the numerous stage and green room requests Hillary Clintons representatives made for a $300,000 speech at UCLA. Critics argue that such carefully staged events and lucrative speaking fees could complicate Clintons ability to run a 2016 campaign around the struggles of the middle class.Too much of a good thing, Mae West once said, is wonderful.Colby Itkowitz 32Read what Cory Booker wrote after the Rodney King verdict more than 20 years ago.Hunter Schwarz 32A lawmaker says she plans to introduce a bill so workers will receive double pay over Thanksgiving and Christmas.Amy Goldstein 32Half of those choosing health plans are new to the federal insurance marketplace, officials say.Nothing says Thanksgiving like stuffing and worrying about saying something that will make the dinner table explode in flames.Dems: Pie. Republicans: Monkey Bread.John McTague and Melissa Deckman 32Democrats didnt understand that contraception isnt a culture war issue.As a Loop public service, were here to tell you what you can and cannot fly with over the holidays (or always).It *is* one of Americas weirdest Thanksgiving traditions.Robert Barnes 32The 81-year-old Supreme Court justice will be hospitalized two days after having a stent implanted.For the first time, the White House Book Sellers Room will feature an interactive digital snowscape designed by Portland, Ore.-based Second Story, which will capture visitorsmovements as they stand in front of it.Olga Onuch 32Survey and interview evidence from the past year indicate that the Ukraine protests were broad-based and had a long-term civic impact.Actually no, his recipe sounds really good. Can we come over?Which, according to a new poll, is a lot.Joby Warrick 32The new regulations face opposition from industry groups who said air quality is already improving.Chico Harlan and David Montgomery 32Police arrest more than 40 after National Guard units expand watch in riot-hit areas.Three other states already have similar laws. Retailers say such laws just make consumers go to other states or online to shop.Every year two pardoned turkeys get all the attention. But the president also gets two other turkeys that no one likes to talk about. (Hint: Theyre dead.)Joann Weiner 32Whether its in profits, innovation, or impact, diversity is good. Yet, not everyone values diversity  Why?Glenn Kessler 32The former president says the U.S. and Mexico have about the same number of engineering graduates. Thats wrong.Rep. Raul Grijalva (D-Ariz.) said a federal investigation of the BP Atlantis in the Gulf of Mexico was tainted.Chico Harlan, David Montgomery and Kimberly Kindy 32Protesters gathered Tuesday night in Fergusonand in several other American citiesbut the rage over a grand jurys decision not to indict a police officer for the fatal shooting of Michael Brown lowered from a boil to a simmer.Andrew Rudalevige 32Some summary thoughts on Obamas immigration directives.Karen Tumulty 32Those who pay payroll taxes would be eligible to collect a wide array of federal benefits.Most Read: PoliticsRead InNow Viewing:People from around the country looking at Post Politics sectionSocial Surface: PoliticsMore ways to get usPartners