We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download the free app The Huffington Post by HuffingtonPost.com, get iTunes now.Already have iTunes? Click I Have iTunes to open it now.Open iTunes to buy and download apps.Navigate with ease through the real-time updates from HuffPost's Pulitzer-prize winning newsroom and international editions including the UK, Canada, Brazil, Germany, Spain, France, Italy, Japan, Korea and Maghreb.Make your voice heard by commenting on articles and sharing your favorite stories and opinion pieces with friends, family, and coworkers with integrated connections to Facebook and Twitter.We are working to continually improve the overall experience and feature offerings and welcome your feedback. Please send your suggestions, questions or bugs to ipad@huffingtonpost.com.Bug FixesGood site content, poorly represented by an embarrassingly poor application.Months later, this still happens. Geeze Louise!Horrible app.  I have been kicked out of the app a dozen times just trying to read one article. Each update seems to make it worse instead of better.Compatibility:Requires iOS 8.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. This app is optimized for iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus.Discover and sharenew apps.Follow us onDiscover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more.Follow usand discovernew iTunes Radio Stationsand the music we love.Shop theApple Online Storevisit anApple Retail Store, or find a2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.The primetime announcement of the grand jury decision in the Ferguson shooting case had some TV stations and viewers on edge -- but not only about the decision,in which officer Darren Wilson was not indicted, or theNo, some appeared more concerned with the impact the coverage would have on their evening television as sweeps episodes of "Dancing With The Stars" and "The Voice" were interrupted by special reports.WTVC NewsChannel 9 in Chattanooga sought to reassure its viewers on Twitter:That sparkedan immediate backlashof replies and retweets, which led the station to delete the message and apologize:We've removed our very poorly worded tweet from earlier to stop the bad signal from spreading. Please accept our sincerest apologies.— WTVC NewsChannel 9 (@newschannelnine)yes - we were just anticipating people complaining. but we handled in a completely lunkheaded way. we're sorry.Other stations also tweeted about the programming disruption:*PROGRAMMING NOTE:to air special report at 9pm for Ferguson decision,will continue right after:— ABC11 EyewitnessNews (@ABC11_WTVD)Depending on time zone and location,some viewers saw full coverage of the announcement while others saw abbreviated coverage, according to Deadline. That led to some viewers seeing images such as this as the story unfolded:Oops. As the grand jury decides, this is now what abc news is showing.— Adam B. Ellick (@aellick)For those wondering,November sweeps ends on WednesdayFerguson Grand Jury Decision: No Indictment As Some Networks Carry Live In ...Shear decided to conduct her research, which will be published soon in the TheoryResearch in Social Education, after teaching a class of undergraduate students studying education at the University of Missouri and realizing they knew relatively little about the histories of indigenous peoples.According to Shear, state standards tend to provide an uncomplicated version of U.S. history in regard to indigenous peoples, leaving out the more unsavory aspects of colonialism.In all, Shear said, the standards allow students to graduate from the K-12 system with little understanding of what contemporary Native American culture and life looks like.Ultimately, Shear said, her students at the University of Missouri were just as frustrated as she was about the education they received regarding indigenous peoples.