A Pew Center's stunning new report reveals that liberals are more prone to dropping friends who spout conservative dogma than the other way around.LesterCharliePolitical satiristsHumor brings light instead of darkness to political advertising. Does it give us better politicians than the ones who hide behind attack ads?As we suffer through another insufferable campaign season of attack ads and mindless chatter, let's remember some of the best political putdowns in U.S. history.Flora Nicholas(Non) Oscar, Emmy, and Golden Globe winning writer, producer, directorTechnology that promised to connect us has instead isolated us, driving us from diversity to safe, homogenized forums and Facebook fan pages.Unlike those big corporations, Mary's doesn't hate! Mary's simply wants to reward its favorite customers with a 15% discount. What could be wrong with that?"Won't someone please think of the children?" We'd like to think somebody is thinking about the children, but for the right reasons.Fear not! Governor Quit is never far from spewing new ideas. And we have proof. We were fortunate enough to get a sneak peek at the Palin Channel's development slate.To my mind, Jimmy Cannon was the greatest sports writer who ever lived. I read his columns in thePoking fun at conservatives shouldn't be limited to SNL and Jon Stewart -- ALL our favorite shows can get in on the fun!New Yorkers may not have the best reputation, but there's no denying that we got the smarts to somehow keep this "ungovernable city" humming. That can generate some resentment.It's no secret that big cats are in trouble.Four of the five feline species that fall under that umbrella are endangered or near threatened:snow leopards. Lions, whose populations once numbered close to 200,000, have lost most of their historical range to farms andcould face extinction by 2050. They face a slew of threats, from habitat loss and poaching, to retribution killings and the illegal pet trade.ForBoone Smith, a fourth-generation big cat tracker who cut his teeth trapping mountain lions in Idaho and star of Nat Geo WILD's upcoming show "Man v. Lion," the fight to save these species is an "uphill battle" that we still have time to win. The Huffington Post spent time with Smith ata private game reserveThis interview has been edited for clarity and content.You grew up collaring mountain lions, why are they doing so well compared to other cats?lost a lot of habitatWhat kind of response do you have when you're tracking? Fear? Respect?Do you think most people have that sense of respect?I guess it’s like anything, it’s what you’re used to, it’s time and experience and feeling comfortable.What needs to be done to stop the downward trend?Why should we all work towards saving big cats?Nat Geo WILD's fifth-annualBig Cat Weekstarts Friday, Nov. 28 and runs through Dec. 3. Tune in Friday to watch Boone Smith in "" at 9 p.m. EST and again on Tuesday, Dec. 2 at 10 p.m.A snowy owl sits in its compound at the zoological garden during low temperatures in Hof, southern Germany, Tuesday, Nov. 5, 2013. (AP Photo/dpa, David Ebener)Barn Owl chicks (chouette-effraie) are pictured at the zoo of the French eastern city of Amneville, on July 8, 2013. (JEAN-CHRISTOPHE VERHAEGEN/AFP/Getty Images)New-born gorilla  NAikais is  held  in the arms of its mother in Burgers Zoo in Arnhem, The Netherlands, on November 28, 2013.  (ROBIN UTRECHT/AFP/Getty Images)A cheetah walks in the snow at Mulhouse zoo, on February 12, 2013. (SEBASTIEN BOZON/AFP/Getty Images)Hundreds of Scarlet macaws (Ara macaw) are released at Xcaret park, in the Mayan Riviera, near Playa del Carmen city, Mexico on April 25, 2013. (ELIZABETH RUIZ/AFP/Getty Images)An Amur tiger lies in the snow at the Calgary Zoo in Calgary, Canada on Thursday, Nov. 28, 2013. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Jeff McIntosh)A bee collects pollen from a yellow flower on May 17, 2013 in Baghdad. (ALI AL-SAADI/AFP/Getty Images)Camels walk along sand dunes in the Liwa desert, 220 kms west of Abu Dhabi, as the Mazayin Dhafra Camel Festival takes place on December 22, 2013. (AFP PHOTO/KARIM SAHIB)Seagulls fly in Ipanema beach on a cloudy day in Rio de Janeiro, on November 30, 2013 Brazil. (CHRISTOPHE SIMON/AFP/Getty Images)A Southern right whale slaps its tail near the shore of Muizenberg Beach in False Bay, Cape Town on October 11, 2013. (JENNIFER BRUCE/AFP/Getty Images)A white-handed gibbon, yet to be named, clings to his mother 24-year-old Phoenice, Thursday, Nov. 21, 2013, at the Philadelphia Zoo. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)A falcon flies over the Liwa desert, 220 kms west of Abu Dhabi, on the sidelines of the Mazayin Dhafra Camel Festival on December 21, 2013. (KARIM SAHIB/AFP/Getty Images)A Southern right whale breaches near the shore of Muizenberg Beach in False Bay, Cape Town on October 11, 2013. (JENNIFER BRUCE/AFP/Getty Images)A six-month old female liliger cub Eva plays in the snow in a Zoo in Novosibirsk, Russia, Thursday, Dec. 5, 2013. (AP Photo /Ilnar Salakhiev)A pink flamingo is seen on October 3, 2013 at the Zoological Center of Antwerp. (JOHN THYS/AFP/Getty Images)A female Bornean orangutan named Dam is seen with her newborn son Veera at the Singapore Zoo on March 6, 2013. (ROSLAN RAHMAN/AFP/Getty Images)A picture taken on March 8, 2013 shows horses in a field along the border between Syria and Israel, in the Golan Heights. (JACK GUEZ/AFP/Getty Images)Snails are pictured at the 'Snail Garden' farm in Krasin, northern Poland, on May 29, 2013. (JANEK SKARZYNSKI/AFP/Getty Images)The hamadryas baboons behave strangely at the Emmen Zoo in Emmen, inNetherlands, on July 31, 2013.  (VINCENT JANNINK/AFP/Getty Images)Northern gannets congregate on the Lummen cliffs, where thousands of the birds have made their home, on August 3, 2013 on Helgoland Island, Germany. (Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images)A Sri Lankan elephant bathes in a pond at Gangarama temple in Colombo on June 2, 2013.   (Ishara S.KODIKARA/AFP/Getty Images)A poisonous frog (Phyllobates bicolor) is shown in Santa Fe Zoo, in Medellin, Colombia, on January 15, 2013. (FREDY AMARILES/AFP/Getty Images)Big cat - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaBig Cats Facts - National GeographicBig Cats Initiative - Animals - National GeographicNat Geo Wild's 'Big Cat Week': TV reviewSharing Our Habitat With Big CatsGoogle+ Hangout: Get to Know India's Curious Big Cats