Health Inc.All Things ConsideredRanden Patterson left a research career in physiology at U.C. Davis when funding got too tight. He now owns a grocery store in Guinda, Calif.Max Whittaker/Prime for NPRhide captionBut Glomski ran head-on into an unpleasant reality: These days, the scramble for money to conduct research has become stultifying.So, he'sgiving upon science.Ian Glomski outside his home in Charlottesville, Va. He quit an academic career in microbiology to start a liquor distillery.Richard Harris/NPR"That ultimately squashed my passion for what I was doing," he says. So two years ago, at the age of 41, he quit.Instead of helping society improve its defenses against deadly anthrax, he's starting a liquor distillery,Vitae Spirits. He's actually excited about that. It's a big challenge, and it allows him to pursue an idea with passion, rather than with resignation.Meanwhile, Randen Patterson is not passionate about his post-science career as a grocery store proprietor. He recently bought the Corner Store in the tiny town of Guinda, Calif.Randen Patterson (right) mans the register at the Corner Store in Guinda.Patterson, 43, once worked for Dr. Solomon Snyder at Johns Hopkins University inone of the top neuroscience laboratoriesin the world. His research is published in some of the most prestigious journals.I shouldn't be a grocer right now. I should be training students. I should be doing deeper research. And I can't. I don't have an outlet for it.- Randen Patterson, former neuroscientist at University of California, DavisHe landed a tenure-trackassistant professorshipat Penn State University, and then moved on to asimilar jobat University of California, Davis (a 45-minute drive from his new "hometown" of Guinda).But Patterson struggled his entire career to get grants to fund his research, which uses computer simulations toprobe the complex chemistrythat goes on inside living cells. And he chose an arcane corner of this field to focus his intellectual energy."We're taking all this money as a country we've invested ... and we're saying we don't care about it," Patterson says.He watches with some trepidation as his daughter, a fresh college graduate, hopes to launch her own career in science.More From Shots - Health NewsPlease keep your community civil. All comments must follow theNPR.org Community rulesterms of useCommunity FAQShotsfor the latest news on research and medical treatments, as well as dispatches about health from around the globe.Scott Hensleyis your host. You can reach Scott and the rest of theteam viaour contact formIn-depth reports on medicine, staying healthy and the major issues surrounding health care.SubscribeNPR thanks our sponsorsBecome an NPR sponsorSupport The Programs You Love2014 NPR