We know, we know. You weren't 100 percent sure what to make of the, Missouri, until you heard what Bill O'Reilly had to say about it.Luckily, the Fox News host gave his two cents on the matter Wednesday night on "The Tonight Show," telling viewers what he thought of the grand jury's decisionnot to indictpolice officer Darren Wilson."You have to accept it," he told host Jimmy Fallon. "I mean that's our system. You have to accept it."O'Reilly went on to analyze the "emotional" state of African Americans, adding that he understands and respects the use of protests to a certain extent."Things don't change in this country unless you protest," he said. "They don't get better unless you protest. So we want that ... But don't burn down somebody's store."Bill O'Reilly Supports Ferguson Protests, Not Burning Down BusinessesO'Reilly Tells Kelly the Ferguson Decision Will Come During Her Show: 'Lucky ...Bill O'Reilly: Race in America, White Privilege and Ben Stein's CommentsThanks to the comedic geniuses at MAD Magazine, we finally know the secret formula behind CNN's wall-to-wall coverage of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.Though the magazine's “20 Dumbest People, Events and Things of 2014″ issue doesn't come out until December, MAD gave Jim Romenesko anexclusive lookat “Dumb Item #13” on Tuesday: "CNN's Emergency Card" to be used "in case of missing flight at sea."wild, unsubstantiated theories," and "shamelessly exploit grieving family members whenever possible.""CNN's Emergency Card" also suggests the best exit strategy is to "abruptly move on to next controversy/tragedy" and "drop all mention of missing flight."Check out the imagevia Jim Romenesko.NEW YORK, NY - AUGUST 09:  CNN correspondent Candy Crowley takes part in a QIn The Wake Of Malaysian Airlines Flight 370, Aviation Officials Call For A ...Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: New Evidence Reveals High-Tech Hijack, Shocking ...Malaysia Airlines sued over Flight 370 disappearanceFlight 370: Authorities Accused Of 'Covering Up' Information About Missing ...People nationwide are actively participating in the movement. In California, one protest even led to atemporary shutdown of the West Oakland BART trainstation as demonstrators forced commuters to find alternative routes of travel.The mission, which is identified and spread online throughBlackout For Human Rights, the organization at the helm of the nationwide effort, is composed of a network of artists, activists, filmmakers and lawyers who fight to address inequalities and injustice in America.The group wascreated in October by Ryan CooglerThe hashtag #BlackoutBlackFriday has populated online as the movement is quickly gaining steam. Among some of the more notable names who have actively spread awareness of the campaign online arebusiness mogul Russell Simmonsactor Jesse WilliamsTV personality Niecy NashMany users have also changed their profile pictures on various social media accounts to all-black images as they stand in solidarity with the movement's mission.Together we can stand up + spark change. Join-- Russell Simmons (@UncleRUSH)11/28 is an exercise in economic disciplineleverage. Sit downbe counted.-- jesseWilliams. (@iJesseWilliams)November 11, 2014-- Niecy Nash (@NiecyNash)the Blackout For Human Rights website. "Our lives are joined by the money we spend as consumers."#NotOneDime is another hashtag that was founded under a similar mission. It is an online campaign created by Rahiel Tesfamariam, a social activist and the founder of online lifestyle publicationUrban CuspTesfamariamcreated a meme including #NotOneDimeand sent her message to her magazine's large following, gaining traction almost immediately,reports The Daily Dot"African-Americans are a mass consumer force,"Tesfamariam said. "In a lot of ways we drive the economy and we drive pop culture, but we don't own it or manage it."This is one way, Tesfamariam says, that black consumers are able to show the influence of their dollar.According to a2013 Nielsen study, African-American consumers have a buying power of more than $1 trillion.the activist organization says."Together, we can make a historic stand against police brutality and spark change."