Samantha LachmanNovember 14, 201411:20 AM ETOnly 9 percent of Americans approved of Congress in the weeks leading up to the midterm elections, which may explain why the election drewthe lowest turnout since 1942That's just one revealing insight from the latest Allstate/National JournalHeartland Monitorapproved of Congress.That disconnect was illustrated on Thursday by continued animosity between Obama and Congress, with incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) saying he was "very disturbed" by the president's vow to act independently to prevent deportations for millions of undocumented immigrants.CommentsAmanda TerkelNovember 13, 20141:07 PM ETTester's new role was announced after Democrats in the Capitol held their leadership elections.But the next DSCC chair is also looking at anenviable political mapTester declined Thursday to weigh in on where the best chances will be for Democrats to pick up Senate seats in 2016."We'll look at the map. Every seat that there's a race, I think we've got a chance at picking it up," he told reporters.defended his votefor the Affordable Care Act.He also supportedexpanded background checksA progressive activist involved in Montana politics, however, was optimistic about Tester's ability to recruit."Senator Coons has offered to help Senator Tester however he can and looks forward to winning back the majority," Koski added.Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) said it was encouraging to see a fellow Democrat from a Republican-heavy state land a spot in leadership.Ultimately, McCaskill said, Tester is a great pick because he understands what hard work is about. "This is a guy who goes home and repairs his own tractor," she said.Below are the Senate seats up for election in 2016:Paul Blumenthal and Jennifer Bendery contributed reporting.Want more updates from Amanda? Sign up for her newsletter, Piping Hot Truth.Enter your email address:November 12, 20145:10 PM ETNevada Republicans have full control of the state's governmentfor the first time since 1929, and their first order of business is passing a bill requiring photo identification to vote.Nevada's Republican Secretary of State-Elect Barbara Cegavske, who said her party's state legislators are preparing voter ID bills for early next year.“They’re writing them now,” Cegavske told MSNBC. “It just depends on how soon they get them in.”Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval (R) has previously said that heCegavske defeated Nevada's Democratic Treasurer Kate Marshall on Nov. 4. in a race thatthe two candidates' opposing stances on voter ID. Tea party favorite Sharron Angle, who challenged Sen. Harry Reid in 2010, also led an unsuccessfulto put a measure on the ballot imposing a voter ID requirement, though she failed to gather enough signatures.Though Cegavske told MSNBC “we want to make sure nobody’s disenfranchised," she justified voter ID laws as "a way to ensure the integrity of elections."Nevada Democrats disagreed Wednesday, arguing that there is no foundation for the voter ID laws Republican legislators are writing.On Oct. 9, the Supreme CourtWisconsin’s voter ID law for the 2014 midterm election, buta law in Texas to go forwarded.Reportsdemonstrated that the Texas law disenfranchised women, students, low-income, minority and disabled voters.Michael McAuliffNovember  7, 20142:55 PM ETWASHINGTON -- Don't laugh. Don't snarf your coffee. Democrats say their 2014 Senate race ground game worked.DSCC Deputy Executive Director Matt Canter, citing the memo, pointed to several states as examples, including Colorado, New Hampshire, Virginia and North Carolina."If the electorate was like 2010, Jeanne Shaheen would have lost," Canter said.In two other states where Democrats invested heavily, but lost, they can also point to a spike in Democratic turnout -- Colorado and North Carolina."Gov. Hickenlooper wouldn't have won without Mark Udall's ground game," Canter said."African-American turnout in North Carolina looked more like 2012 than 2010," Canter said, referring to the large outpouring of voters for Obama's re-election compared with meager turnout two years before."The ground game can work and we can still lose. The two aren't mutually exclusive," Canter said.Michael McAuliff covers Congress and politics for The Huffington Post. Talk to himon Facebook.November  6, 20141:24 PM ETWhen former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.)his primary race earlier this year, it looked like congressional Republicans could be left with no members who identify with religions other than Christianity.But Cantor, who is Jewish, wasTuesday by New York state Sen. Lee Zeldin, a Republican who defeated Rep. Timothy Bishop (D) in the state's Long Island-based 1st District. Zeldin is also Jewish.Zeldin beat Bishop by more than 9 percentage points in a district that the Democrat had represented since 2002.Nearly all the religious diversity in the 113th Congress was on the Democratic side of the aisle,according to the Pew Research CenterZeldin could not be reached for comment on his victory.November  3, 20143:19 PM ETIrrelevant Biographical DetailsB.J. Guillot for CongressAmerican Flag BackgroundsDenocratDr. Sue Savary for Congress, RepublicanMark Zaccaria for Senateand DemocratJanet Garrett for Congressrepresent a common motif in low-budget campaign website design.Over-Enthusiastic State PrideDavid Banach for CongressOffensive Guest StarsKamau Bakari, an Independent America Party candidate challenging Rep. Dina Titus (D-Nev.),has a conversation about race with rancher Cliven Bundyin a video featured prominently on his website.Candidates Who Try To Maintain An Element Of MysteryWe're not sure what Democratic congressional candidateNate Irvinlooks like, but his website has some nice photos of American flags, horse derrieres and stacks of paper.Kenneth Stepp for Congressdoesn't include a picture of the Democratic candidate from Kentucky either. The site also falls into theWebsites That Are Actually Just BlogsLibertarian congressional candidateRichard Charlesalso rocks a Blogger format.Hunger Games ReferencesRepublicanDoug Basleris conveniently running for Congress in Washington's 9th District, or "District 9."Aggressive SolutionsKen Ashbyadvocates for ending funding of the Transportation Security Administration, while Republican congressional candidatePaul Wrightsuggests that by entering his website, one helps to "Resist deChristianization."Florida Man Is All-SeeingDemocratic congressional candidateWilliam Bronsonis watching you.October 31, 20143:44 PM ETThe Arizona Republican Party is throwing Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) under the bus in order to attack the vulnerable Rep. Ron Barber (D-Ariz.).As Voxfirst reportedFriday, voters in Arizona's 2nd District are receiving a mailer that says it's from the state GOP and hits Barber for voting for thebipartisan budget compromisethat Ryan and Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) shepherded through Congress last December.Barber, who is engaged in a close race with the Republican nominee, retired Air Force combat pilot Martha McSally, was one of332 representatives(169 of which were Republicans) who voted for the budget deal.The$85 billion dealBarber's campaign argued in a statement to The Huffington Post on Friday that the mailers were an attempt to mislead Democratic voters.McSally's campaign did not immediately respond to a request for the candidate's thoughts about the mailer and how she would have approached the Ryan-Murray deal.bitter racebetween Barber and McSally is a redo of 2012, when the congressman edged McSally by just 2,454 votes.Read the entire mailer atVoxSabrina SiddiquiOctober 30, 20145:50 PM ET"Tillis said he fired them -- he didn't," the narrator says. "Instead, Tillis let them resign with a nearly $20,000 payout funded by taxpayers."Watch the ad above.Democrats have used the controversy throughout the election cycle to levy charges of corruption against Tillis, who is looking to unseat Sen. Kay Hagan, the Democratic incumbent. Democratic super PACScut similar adsearlier this year, prompting a response ad from Tillis' campaign insisting that he fired both staffers. Fact checkers have ruled that the Democrats' version of eventsis more accurate.A spokesman for Tillis' campaign did not immediately return a request for comment.topped $100 millionon Wednesday.HuffPost's Pollster average, which combines all publicly available polling, currently shows Hagan leading Tillis by just one percentage point.Igor Bobic2:09 PM ET"He hasn’t helped the poor, hasn’t helped the minorities,” Romney said of Obama, noting the record level of poverty and food stamp enrollments in the aftermath of the 2008 recession.“With regards to the young people, for instance, a forgiveness of college loan interest, was a big gift,” hesaid on a conference call with top donorsAt Thursday's rally, the former Massachusetts governor focused on criticizing Obama's policies, which he said were on the ballot.He decried Obama's "less-than-competent management of the United States government" and accused him of "hesitancy and weakness abroad," another favorite refrain of his from the 2012 election.10:59 AM ETbusinesses don’t create jobsWednesday.Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R), who is also said to be weighing a run for president, became the latest Republican to join the fray on Wednesday.said in Colorado, according to the Associated Press. “Well, the problem in America today is that not enough jobs are being created [but] they are created by business.”large speaking feesfailed to registerwith the public in 2012, even after Republicans featured Obama's line prominently in their nominating convention.October 29, 20145:31 PM ETEven as the GOP looks poised to retake the Senate next week, a repeal of Obamacare remains unlikely, a top Republican senator conceded Wednesday.Barrasso's comments follow a string of similar statements from other prominent Republicans in Congress, including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.). Despite being prodded on the subject byFox News' Neil Cavutotoo late to repeal Obamacareat this point.Barrasso said he would like to "systematically strip away the very worst parts of Obamacare" and identified some changes he believed would draw support from both sides of the aisle.4:08 PM ETcommute to Massachusetts for work."It was devastating to see it happening, watching the people leave little by little, just seeing the jobs go away, wondering what everybody was going to do," Ginger Cunningham adds.Brown has saidhe never voted to ship jobs overseas, but Shaheen has accused him of having multiple ties to outsourcing. In August, Shaheen's campaign called on Brown to resign from theboard of directors of Kadant, Inc.,a Massachusetts-based company that has outsourced jobs to China and Mexico.remains unpopularin the Granite State.He has nonetheless managed to narrow the gap with Shaheen to just 2 percentage points, according to HuffPost's average of all publicly available polling.Brown has largely succeeded by tying Shaheen to President Barack Obama, whose job approval in New Hampshire is atrecord-low levels.The strategy is summed up in the new web ad's final shot. "Scott Brown is NOT for New Hampshire," text across the screen reads. "Never was. Never will be."Brown's campaign did not return a request for comment.Jennifer BenderyOctober 28, 20146:53 PM ETNOM's ad, called "Kay Hagan's Judge," reasons that because Hagan voted to confirm Cogburn in March 2011, it's her fault that herejected the state's same-sex marriage banthis month. The ad urges voters to take out their anger over that ruling by replacing Hagan with GOP Senate challenger Thom Tillis.But an activist judge Cogburn is not. He cleared the judiciary committee ina unanimous voice vote, and later passed the full Senate-- hardly a sign of concerns about his judicial independence. Burrsang Cogburn's praisesduring his confirmation hearing.The Hagan-Tillis race is one of the tightest in the nation. Hagan is currently holding a slight lead, at 44 percent to Tillis' 42 percent, according to an average byHuffPost Pollster12:42 PM ETEven more problematic for Shaheen is the fact that Preston's letter supports Brown's strategy of linking her to Obama, whose favorabilityremains at an all-time lowin New Hampshire. Brown, who previously served as a senator from Massachusetts, has sought tocast himself as an independent. Support for Brown from an influential name like Preston can only do further damage to Shaheen at a time when she can least afford to take a hit.Brown isn't the first Republican candidate endorsed by Preston in recent years. In 2012,Preston endorsedGOP candidate Ovide Lamontagne for governor of New Hampshire.Read Preston's full letter endorsing Brown below:Once looked up as the strongest and most respected democracy in the world, we are now scoffed at by some world leaders.As a veteran, a former state senator, a businessman, and family man proud of New Hampshire and our country, I am looking for a change in leadership in Washington.For those reasons, I urge voters to support Scott Brown for U.S. Senator on November 4th.I encourage citizens to get out and vote on November 4th and cast your vote for Scott Brown.Sincerely,Bob PrestonHampton, N.H.This story has been updated to include Amy LaBelle's appearance at a Shaheen event on Tuesday.Samantha LachmanNovember 14, 201411:20 AM ETOnly 9 percent of Americans approved of Congress in the weeks leading up to the midterm elections, which may explain why the election drewthe lowest turnout since 1942That's just one revealing insight from the latest Allstate/National JournalHeartland Monitorapproved of Congress.That disconnect was illustrated on Thursday by continued animosity between Obama and Congress, with incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) saying he was "very disturbed" by the president's vow to act independently to prevent deportations for millions of undocumented immigrants.CommentsAmanda TerkelNovember 13, 20141:07 PM ETTester's new role was announced after Democrats in the Capitol held their leadership elections.But the next DSCC chair is also looking at anenviable political mapTester declined Thursday to weigh in on where the best chances will be for Democrats to pick up Senate seats in 2016."We'll look at the map. Every seat that there's a race, I think we've got a chance at picking it up," he told reporters.defended his votefor the Affordable Care Act.He also supportedexpanded background checksA progressive activist involved in Montana politics, however, was optimistic about Tester's ability to recruit."Senator Coons has offered to help Senator Tester however he can and looks forward to winning back the majority," Koski added.Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) said it was encouraging to see a fellow Democrat from a Republican-heavy state land a spot in leadership.Ultimately, McCaskill said, Tester is a great pick because he understands what hard work is about. "This is a guy who goes home and repairs his own tractor," she said.Below are the Senate seats up for election in 2016:Paul Blumenthal and Jennifer Bendery contributed reporting.Want more updates from Amanda? Sign up for her newsletter, Piping Hot Truth.Enter your email address:November 12, 20145:10 PM ETNevada Republicans have full control of the state's governmentfor the first time since 1929, and their first order of business is passing a bill requiring photo identification to vote.Nevada's Republican Secretary of State-Elect Barbara Cegavske, who said her party's state legislators are preparing voter ID bills for early next year.“They’re writing them now,” Cegavske told MSNBC. “It just depends on how soon they get them in.”Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval (R) has previously said that heCegavske defeated Nevada's Democratic Treasurer Kate Marshall on Nov. 4. in a race thatthe two candidates' opposing stances on voter ID. Tea party favorite Sharron Angle, who challenged Sen. Harry Reid in 2010, also led an unsuccessfulto put a measure on the ballot imposing a voter ID requirement, though she failed to gather enough signatures.Though Cegavske told MSNBC “we want to make sure nobody’s disenfranchised," she justified voter ID laws as "a way to ensure the integrity of elections."Nevada Democrats disagreed Wednesday, arguing that there is no foundation for the voter ID laws Republican legislators are writing.On Oct. 9, the Supreme CourtWisconsin’s voter ID law for the 2014 midterm election, buta law in Texas to go forwarded.Reportsdemonstrated that the Texas law disenfranchised women, students, low-income, minority and disabled voters.Michael McAuliffNovember  7, 20142:55 PM ETWASHINGTON -- Don't laugh. Don't snarf your coffee. Democrats say their 2014 Senate race ground game worked.DSCC Deputy Executive Director Matt Canter, citing the memo, pointed to several states as examples, including Colorado, New Hampshire, Virginia and North Carolina."If the electorate was like 2010, Jeanne Shaheen would have lost," Canter said.In two other states where Democrats invested heavily, but lost, they can also point to a spike in Democratic turnout -- Colorado and North Carolina."Gov. Hickenlooper wouldn't have won without Mark Udall's ground game," Canter said."African-American turnout in North Carolina looked more like 2012 than 2010," Canter said, referring to the large outpouring of voters for Obama's re-election compared with meager turnout two years before."The ground game can work and we can still lose. The two aren't mutually exclusive," Canter said.Michael McAuliff covers Congress and politics for The Huffington Post. Talk to himon Facebook.November  6, 20141:24 PM ETWhen former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.)his primary race earlier this year, it looked like congressional Republicans could be left with no members who identify with religions other than Christianity.But Cantor, who is Jewish, wasTuesday by New York state Sen. Lee Zeldin, a Republican who defeated Rep. Timothy Bishop (D) in the state's Long Island-based 1st District. Zeldin is also Jewish.Zeldin beat Bishop by more than 9 percentage points in a district that the Democrat had represented since 2002.Nearly all the religious diversity in the 113th Congress was on the Democratic side of the aisle,according to the Pew Research CenterZeldin could not be reached for comment on his victory.November  3, 20143:19 PM ETIrrelevant Biographical DetailsB.J. Guillot for CongressAmerican Flag BackgroundsDenocratDr. Sue Savary for Congress, RepublicanMark Zaccaria for Senateand DemocratJanet Garrett for Congressrepresent a common motif in low-budget campaign website design.Over-Enthusiastic State PrideDavid Banach for CongressOffensive Guest StarsKamau Bakari, an Independent America Party candidate challenging Rep. Dina Titus (D-Nev.),has a conversation about race with rancher Cliven Bundyin a video featured prominently on his website.Candidates Who Try To Maintain An Element Of MysteryWe're not sure what Democratic congressional candidateNate Irvinlooks like, but his website has some nice photos of American flags, horse derrieres and stacks of paper.Kenneth Stepp for Congressdoesn't include a picture of the Democratic candidate from Kentucky either. The site also falls into theWebsites That Are Actually Just BlogsLibertarian congressional candidateRichard Charlesalso rocks a Blogger format.Hunger Games ReferencesRepublicanDoug Basleris conveniently running for Congress in Washington's 9th District, or "District 9."Aggressive SolutionsKen Ashbyadvocates for ending funding of the Transportation Security Administration, while Republican congressional candidatePaul Wrightsuggests that by entering his website, one helps to "Resist deChristianization."Florida Man Is All-SeeingDemocratic congressional candidateWilliam Bronsonis watching you.October 31, 20143:44 PM ETThe Arizona Republican Party is throwing Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) under the bus in order to attack the vulnerable Rep. Ron Barber (D-Ariz.).As Voxfirst reportedFriday, voters in Arizona's 2nd District are receiving a mailer that says it's from the state GOP and hits Barber for voting for thebipartisan budget compromisethat Ryan and Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) shepherded through Congress last December.Barber, who is engaged in a close race with the Republican nominee, retired Air Force combat pilot Martha McSally, was one of332 representatives(169 of which were Republicans) who voted for the budget deal.The$85 billion dealBarber's campaign argued in a statement to The Huffington Post on Friday that the mailers were an attempt to mislead Democratic voters.McSally's campaign did not immediately respond to a request for the candidate's thoughts about the mailer and how she would have approached the Ryan-Murray deal.bitter racebetween Barber and McSally is a redo of 2012, when the congressman edged McSally by just 2,454 votes.Read the entire mailer atVoxSabrina SiddiquiOctober 30, 20145:50 PM ET"Tillis said he fired them -- he didn't," the narrator says. "Instead, Tillis let them resign with a nearly $20,000 payout funded by taxpayers."Watch the ad above.Democrats have used the controversy throughout the election cycle to levy charges of corruption against Tillis, who is looking to unseat Sen. Kay Hagan, the Democratic incumbent. Democratic super PACScut similar adsearlier this year, prompting a response ad from Tillis' campaign insisting that he fired both staffers. Fact checkers have ruled that the Democrats' version of eventsis more accurate.A spokesman for Tillis' campaign did not immediately return a request for comment.topped $100 millionon Wednesday.HuffPost's Pollster average, which combines all publicly available polling, currently shows Hagan leading Tillis by just one percentage point.Igor Bobic2:09 PM ET"He hasn’t helped the poor, hasn’t helped the minorities,” Romney said of Obama, noting the record level of poverty and food stamp enrollments in the aftermath of the 2008 recession.“With regards to the young people, for instance, a forgiveness of college loan interest, was a big gift,” hesaid on a conference call with top donorsAt Thursday's rally, the former Massachusetts governor focused on criticizing Obama's policies, which he said were on the ballot.He decried Obama's "less-than-competent management of the United States government" and accused him of "hesitancy and weakness abroad," another favorite refrain of his from the 2012 election.10:59 AM ETbusinesses don’t create jobsWednesday.Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R), who is also said to be weighing a run for president, became the latest Republican to join the fray on Wednesday.said in Colorado, according to the Associated Press. “Well, the problem in America today is that not enough jobs are being created [but] they are created by business.”large speaking feesfailed to registerwith the public in 2012, even after Republicans featured Obama's line prominently in their nominating convention.October 29, 20145:31 PM ETEven as the GOP looks poised to retake the Senate next week, a repeal of Obamacare remains unlikely, a top Republican senator conceded Wednesday.Barrasso's comments follow a string of similar statements from other prominent Republicans in Congress, including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.). Despite being prodded on the subject byFox News' Neil Cavutotoo late to repeal Obamacareat this point.Barrasso said he would like to "systematically strip away the very worst parts of Obamacare" and identified some changes he believed would draw support from both sides of the aisle.4:08 PM ETcommute to Massachusetts for work."It was devastating to see it happening, watching the people leave little by little, just seeing the jobs go away, wondering what everybody was going to do," Ginger Cunningham adds.Brown has saidhe never voted to ship jobs overseas, but Shaheen has accused him of having multiple ties to outsourcing. In August, Shaheen's campaign called on Brown to resign from theboard of directors of Kadant, Inc.,a Massachusetts-based company that has outsourced jobs to China and Mexico.remains unpopularin the Granite State.He has nonetheless managed to narrow the gap with Shaheen to just 2 percentage points, according to HuffPost's average of all publicly available polling.Brown has largely succeeded by tying Shaheen to President Barack Obama, whose job approval in New Hampshire is atrecord-low levels.The strategy is summed up in the new web ad's final shot. "Scott Brown is NOT for New Hampshire," text across the screen reads. "Never was. Never will be."Brown's campaign did not return a request for comment.Jennifer BenderyOctober 28, 20146:53 PM ETNOM's ad, called "Kay Hagan's Judge," reasons that because Hagan voted to confirm Cogburn in March 2011, it's her fault that herejected the state's same-sex marriage banthis month. The ad urges voters to take out their anger over that ruling by replacing Hagan with GOP Senate challenger Thom Tillis.But an activist judge Cogburn is not. He cleared the judiciary committee ina unanimous voice vote, and later passed the full Senate-- hardly a sign of concerns about his judicial independence. Burrsang Cogburn's praisesduring his confirmation hearing.The Hagan-Tillis race is one of the tightest in the nation. Hagan is currently holding a slight lead, at 44 percent to Tillis' 42 percent, according to an average byHuffPost Pollster12:42 PM ETEven more problematic for Shaheen is the fact that Preston's letter supports Brown's strategy of linking her to Obama, whose favorabilityremains at an all-time lowin New Hampshire. Brown, who previously served as a senator from Massachusetts, has sought tocast himself as an independent. Support for Brown from an influential name like Preston can only do further damage to Shaheen at a time when she can least afford to take a hit.Brown isn't the first Republican candidate endorsed by Preston in recent years. In 2012,Preston endorsedGOP candidate Ovide Lamontagne for governor of New Hampshire.Read Preston's full letter endorsing Brown below:Once looked up as the strongest and most respected democracy in the world, we are now scoffed at by some world leaders.As a veteran, a former state senator, a businessman, and family man proud of New Hampshire and our country, I am looking for a change in leadership in Washington.For those reasons, I urge voters to support Scott Brown for U.S. Senator on November 4th.I encourage citizens to get out and vote on November 4th and cast your vote for Scott Brown.Sincerely,Bob PrestonHampton, N.H.This story has been updated to include Amy LaBelle's appearance at a Shaheen event on Tuesday.Samantha LachmanNovember 14, 201411:20 AM ETOnly 9 percent of Americans approved of Congress in the weeks leading up to the midterm elections, which may explain why the election drewthe lowest turnout since 1942That's just one revealing insight from the latest Allstate/National JournalHeartland Monitorapproved of Congress.That disconnect was illustrated on Thursday by continued animosity between Obama and Congress, with incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) saying he was "very disturbed" by the president's vow to act independently to prevent deportations for millions of undocumented immigrants.CommentsAmanda TerkelNovember 13, 20141:07 PM ETTester's new role was announced after Democrats in the Capitol held their leadership elections.But the next DSCC chair is also looking at anenviable political mapTester declined Thursday to weigh in on where the best chances will be for Democrats to pick up Senate seats in 2016."We'll look at the map. Every seat that there's a race, I think we've got a chance at picking it up," he told reporters.defended his votefor the Affordable Care Act.He also supportedexpanded background checksA progressive activist involved in Montana politics, however, was optimistic about Tester's ability to recruit."Senator Coons has offered to help Senator Tester however he can and looks forward to winning back the majority," Koski added.Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) said it was encouraging to see a fellow Democrat from a Republican-heavy state land a spot in leadership.Ultimately, McCaskill said, Tester is a great pick because he understands what hard work is about. "This is a guy who goes home and repairs his own tractor," she said.Below are the Senate seats up for election in 2016:Paul Blumenthal and Jennifer Bendery contributed reporting.Want more updates from Amanda? Sign up for her newsletter, Piping Hot Truth.Enter your email address:November 12, 20145:10 PM ETNevada Republicans have full control of the state's governmentfor the first time since 1929, and their first order of business is passing a bill requiring photo identification to vote.Nevada's Republican Secretary of State-Elect Barbara Cegavske, who said her party's state legislators are preparing voter ID bills for early next year.“They’re writing them now,” Cegavske told MSNBC. “It just depends on how soon they get them in.”Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval (R) has previously said that heCegavske defeated Nevada's Democratic Treasurer Kate Marshall on Nov. 4. in a race thatthe two candidates' opposing stances on voter ID. Tea party favorite Sharron Angle, who challenged Sen. Harry Reid in 2010, also led an unsuccessfulto put a measure on the ballot imposing a voter ID requirement, though she failed to gather enough signatures.Though Cegavske told MSNBC “we want to make sure nobody’s disenfranchised," she justified voter ID laws as "a way to ensure the integrity of elections."Nevada Democrats disagreed Wednesday, arguing that there is no foundation for the voter ID laws Republican legislators are writing.On Oct. 9, the Supreme CourtWisconsin’s voter ID law for the 2014 midterm election, buta law in Texas to go forwarded.Reportsdemonstrated that the Texas law disenfranchised women, students, low-income, minority and disabled voters.Michael McAuliffNovember  7, 20142:55 PM ETWASHINGTON -- Don't laugh. Don't snarf your coffee. Democrats say their 2014 Senate race ground game worked.DSCC Deputy Executive Director Matt Canter, citing the memo, pointed to several states as examples, including Colorado, New Hampshire, Virginia and North Carolina."If the electorate was like 2010, Jeanne Shaheen would have lost," Canter said.In two other states where Democrats invested heavily, but lost, they can also point to a spike in Democratic turnout -- Colorado and North Carolina."Gov. Hickenlooper wouldn't have won without Mark Udall's ground game," Canter said."African-American turnout in North Carolina looked more like 2012 than 2010," Canter said, referring to the large outpouring of voters for Obama's re-election compared with meager turnout two years before."The ground game can work and we can still lose. The two aren't mutually exclusive," Canter said.Michael McAuliff covers Congress and politics for The Huffington Post. Talk to himon Facebook.November  6, 20141:24 PM ETWhen former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.)his primary race earlier this year, it looked like congressional Republicans could be left with no members who identify with religions other than Christianity.But Cantor, who is Jewish, wasTuesday by New York state Sen. Lee Zeldin, a Republican who defeated Rep. Timothy Bishop (D) in the state's Long Island-based 1st District. Zeldin is also Jewish.Zeldin beat Bishop by more than 9 percentage points in a district that the Democrat had represented since 2002.Nearly all the religious diversity in the 113th Congress was on the Democratic side of the aisle,according to the Pew Research CenterZeldin could not be reached for comment on his victory.November  3, 20143:19 PM ETIrrelevant Biographical DetailsB.J. Guillot for CongressAmerican Flag BackgroundsDenocratDr. Sue Savary for Congress, RepublicanMark Zaccaria for Senateand DemocratJanet Garrett for Congressrepresent a common motif in low-budget campaign website design.Over-Enthusiastic State PrideDavid Banach for CongressOffensive Guest StarsKamau Bakari, an Independent America Party candidate challenging Rep. Dina Titus (D-Nev.),has a conversation about race with rancher Cliven Bundyin a video featured prominently on his website.Candidates Who Try To Maintain An Element Of MysteryWe're not sure what Democratic congressional candidateNate Irvinlooks like, but his website has some nice photos of American flags, horse derrieres and stacks of paper.Kenneth Stepp for Congressdoesn't include a picture of the Democratic candidate from Kentucky either. The site also falls into theWebsites That Are Actually Just BlogsLibertarian congressional candidateRichard Charlesalso rocks a Blogger format.Hunger Games ReferencesRepublicanDoug Basleris conveniently running for Congress in Washington's 9th District, or "District 9."Aggressive SolutionsKen Ashbyadvocates for ending funding of the Transportation Security Administration, while Republican congressional candidatePaul Wrightsuggests that by entering his website, one helps to "Resist deChristianization."Florida Man Is All-SeeingDemocratic congressional candidateWilliam Bronsonis watching you.October 31, 20143:44 PM ETThe Arizona Republican Party is throwing Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) under the bus in order to attack the vulnerable Rep. Ron Barber (D-Ariz.).As Voxfirst reportedFriday, voters in Arizona's 2nd District are receiving a mailer that says it's from the state GOP and hits Barber for voting for thebipartisan budget compromisethat Ryan and Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) shepherded through Congress last December.Barber, who is engaged in a close race with the Republican nominee, retired Air Force combat pilot Martha McSally, was one of332 representatives(169 of which were Republicans) who voted for the budget deal.The$85 billion dealBarber's campaign argued in a statement to The Huffington Post on Friday that the mailers were an attempt to mislead Democratic voters.McSally's campaign did not immediately respond to a request for the candidate's thoughts about the mailer and how she would have approached the Ryan-Murray deal.bitter racebetween Barber and McSally is a redo of 2012, when the congressman edged McSally by just 2,454 votes.Read the entire mailer atVoxSabrina SiddiquiOctober 30, 20145:50 PM ET"Tillis said he fired them -- he didn't," the narrator says. "Instead, Tillis let them resign with a nearly $20,000 payout funded by taxpayers."Watch the ad above.Democrats have used the controversy throughout the election cycle to levy charges of corruption against Tillis, who is looking to unseat Sen. Kay Hagan, the Democratic incumbent. Democratic super PACScut similar adsearlier this year, prompting a response ad from Tillis' campaign insisting that he fired both staffers. Fact checkers have ruled that the Democrats' version of eventsis more accurate.A spokesman for Tillis' campaign did not immediately return a request for comment.topped $100 millionon Wednesday.HuffPost's Pollster average, which combines all publicly available polling, currently shows Hagan leading Tillis by just one percentage point.Igor Bobic2:09 PM ET"He hasn’t helped the poor, hasn’t helped the minorities,” Romney said of Obama, noting the record level of poverty and food stamp enrollments in the aftermath of the 2008 recession.“With regards to the young people, for instance, a forgiveness of college loan interest, was a big gift,” hesaid on a conference call with top donorsAt Thursday's rally, the former Massachusetts governor focused on criticizing Obama's policies, which he said were on the ballot.He decried Obama's "less-than-competent management of the United States government" and accused him of "hesitancy and weakness abroad," another favorite refrain of his from the 2012 election.10:59 AM ETbusinesses don’t create jobsWednesday.Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R), who is also said to be weighing a run for president, became the latest Republican to join the fray on Wednesday.said in Colorado, according to the Associated Press. “Well, the problem in America today is that not enough jobs are being created [but] they are created by business.”large speaking feesfailed to registerwith the public in 2012, even after Republicans featured Obama's line prominently in their nominating convention.October 29, 20145:31 PM ETEven as the GOP looks poised to retake the Senate next week, a repeal of Obamacare remains unlikely, a top Republican senator conceded Wednesday.Barrasso's comments follow a string of similar statements from other prominent Republicans in Congress, including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.). Despite being prodded on the subject byFox News' Neil Cavutotoo late to repeal Obamacareat this point.Barrasso said he would like to "systematically strip away the very worst parts of Obamacare" and identified some changes he believed would draw support from both sides of the aisle.4:08 PM ETcommute to Massachusetts for work."It was devastating to see it happening, watching the people leave little by little, just seeing the jobs go away, wondering what everybody was going to do," Ginger Cunningham adds.Brown has saidhe never voted to ship jobs overseas, but Shaheen has accused him of having multiple ties to outsourcing. In August, Shaheen's campaign called on Brown to resign from theboard of directors of Kadant, Inc.,a Massachusetts-based company that has outsourced jobs to China and Mexico.remains unpopularin the Granite State.He has nonetheless managed to narrow the gap with Shaheen to just 2 percentage points, according to HuffPost's average of all publicly available polling.Brown has largely succeeded by tying Shaheen to President Barack Obama, whose job approval in New Hampshire is atrecord-low levels.The strategy is summed up in the new web ad's final shot. "Scott Brown is NOT for New Hampshire," text across the screen reads. "Never was. Never will be."Brown's campaign did not return a request for comment.Jennifer BenderyOctober 28, 20146:53 PM ETNOM's ad, called "Kay Hagan's Judge," reasons that because Hagan voted to confirm Cogburn in March 2011, it's her fault that herejected the state's same-sex marriage banthis month. The ad urges voters to take out their anger over that ruling by replacing Hagan with GOP Senate challenger Thom Tillis.But an activist judge Cogburn is not. He cleared the judiciary committee ina unanimous voice vote, and later passed the full Senate-- hardly a sign of concerns about his judicial independence. Burrsang Cogburn's praisesduring his confirmation hearing.The Hagan-Tillis race is one of the tightest in the nation. Hagan is currently holding a slight lead, at 44 percent to Tillis' 42 percent, according to an average byHuffPost Pollster12:42 PM ETEven more problematic for Shaheen is the fact that Preston's letter supports Brown's strategy of linking her to Obama, whose favorabilityremains at an all-time lowin New Hampshire. Brown, who previously served as a senator from Massachusetts, has sought tocast himself as an independent. Support for Brown from an influential name like Preston can only do further damage to Shaheen at a time when she can least afford to take a hit.Brown isn't the first Republican candidate endorsed by Preston in recent years. In 2012,Preston endorsedGOP candidate Ovide Lamontagne for governor of New Hampshire.Read Preston's full letter endorsing Brown below:Once looked up as the strongest and most respected democracy in the world, we are now scoffed at by some world leaders.As a veteran, a former state senator, a businessman, and family man proud of New Hampshire and our country, I am looking for a change in leadership in Washington.For those reasons, I urge voters to support Scott Brown for U.S. Senator on November 4th.I encourage citizens to get out and vote on November 4th and cast your vote for Scott Brown.Sincerely,Bob PrestonHampton, N.H.This story has been updated to include Amy LaBelle's appearance at a Shaheen event on Tuesday.