Search AdrantsSubscribe to Adrants DailyIf you recall, last month AdWeak teamed with stock footage company Dissolve to launch Advertising Insider. The combination is the best of both world's.Here are three more episodes:Earlier this year during SXSW Interactive, Spredfast gathered together a team of five leading brand strategists to answer the five most pressing social questions in marketing today.Enjoy what you've read?and
receive the daily contents of this site each day along withfree whitepapersNative advertising went mainstream this year, and as we look back at its impact in time for this Thanksgiving, we can see there is much for which to be grateful.So let's be clear, this -- as it always has been -- is critique of the work, not the people behind it. OK?- They're kind of a snooze but if you want to watch all of the newDollar Shave ClubTV ads, they are- Yet another weird (and very good) ALDI Australiacreated by BMF.- Right in line with the odd approach Dollar Shave Club took with its collection of new ads, JWT New York is out with a verymanscaping-centric commercialentitled Crib in My Pants. Seriously the weirdest shaving ad you will ever see. But, damn, that "first girlfriend" is of the charts cute!Great teeth! Uh, I mean, great ads.A well-deserved win. Adweek has named MediaCom USA winner of the Media Plan of the Year for its Pennzoil "Mario Kart Reimagined" activation at the 2014 SXSW festival.and
receive the daily contents of this site in your Inbox each business day. Or subscribe to ourRSS feedOr follow us onSkip to content, orskip to searchFebruary 17, 2014m SorryBy 
CLINT RAINEYSADIE STEINJ.K. Rowling is hardly the first writer to regret what shed committed to print.As the tech sector vies for a larger role in national politics, it has to contend with the libertarian isolationists in its ranks.Tech start-up Hampton Creek takes on the lowly egg.De Blasios dad humor has definitely surged since he won the election.From a small town in Romania, Guccifer skewered and glorified the power elite.Theres nothing a glossy magazine likes better than an equally glossy celebrity lending her hand to the editorial process.Ken and Ben Lerer fund 185 tech companiesand counting.A quick primer on veganisms outliers-to-Oprah path.Village celebrities say: Hey, hey, 
ho, ho, Sextons plan has got to go.For 220 years, man filled Newtown Creek with so much industrial ick that the EPA declared it a Superfund site in 2010. Heres what crews can expect to find in those samples.2014, New York Media. All Rights Reserved.Ah, Thanksgiving: football, parades, turkey and stuffing, Rep. Alan Grayson going after Wal-Mart.Broken campaign promises complicate a politician 146 s re-election effort, but they don 146 t have to be fatal.Constituent participation is the key to scheduling meetings on Capitol Hill, according to a new report from the Congressional Management Foundation.It 146 s 7:49 a.m. on Friday, Nov. 21  151  the first day of Congress 146  Thanksgiving recess  151  and Dave Brat is 11 minutes early.If anyone understands what a  147 grungy game 148  politics can be, it 146 s Capitol Hill staffers.Sen. Ted Cruz has an idea for a new Defense secretary that the incoming Senate Armed Services chairman would love.The Democratic National Committee announced Monday that Philadelphia, New York and Columbus are the three finalists to host its 2016 national convention.Twenty-one Republican senators up for re-election in 2016 filed into the National Republican Senatorial Committee on the morning of Nov. 19 to meet with party strategists about campaign preparations.Two congressional trailblazers were among the 19 people to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom Monday, the highest honor awarded to a civilian.Rep. Paul D. Ryan must have made Brendan Buck a pretty strong case to leave his still-new K Street gig to come back to Capitol Hill.With Thanksgiving right around the corner, members spent the week discussing dirty oil, political ads and  147 dumb-ass liberals. 148Congress is filled with a bunch of losers, but not exactly in the way you 146 re thinking.President Barack Obama would veto any legislation hatched by Republicans to undo his immigration executive action granting relief to millions, according to a senior administration official.Former D.C. Mayor and Ward 8 Councilmember Marion Barry died Sunday at the age of 78.Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., likely the next chairman of the Senate committee with oversight over Washington, D.C., said Thursday that he would like to hold a hearing on marijuana legalization.Appropriators appear to be making good progress on behind-the-scenes negotiations on a big omnibus bill to fund the government for the rest of the fiscal year.Good news for Speaker John A. Boehner: The next Republican Study Committee chairman wants to work with him  151  and he doesn 146 t want any public fights.Minnesota Republican Tom Emmer, the staunchly conservative congressman-elect preparing to replace retiring Rep. Michele Bachmann, drew three takeaways from his recent training on House ethics rules.Think it 146 s too early for softball? Think again.In addition to longer workweeks, it appears the Senate will be in session more frequently in 2015.Soldier. Lawmaker. Mother.A vandal struck the Republican National Committee headquarters on Veterans Day, according to Capitol Police.Senate Republicans have a battle for a gavel.The only number that really mattersThe World's Greatest Deliberative BodyThe White House and CongressRoll Call's gossip blogYour eyes and ears on campusAdvice and etiquette for Hill staffCampaigns and electionsInside the candidates and their campaignsThe story behind the imageRoll Call contentdelivered to your inboxStay connected to the political debates inside Washington.Want Roll Call on your doorstep?Already a subscriber?Sign upto have the print PDF emailed to you.Download here50 Richest: The Wealth Keeps Growing10 'Poorest' Members of Congress Owe BigObjective and authoritative coverage of how public policy is shaped, from the players to the groups who are trying to influence it.The leading source of analysis on international business and world affairs.An Economist Group Business. Copyright 2014 CQ Roll Call. All rights reserved. -PrivacyLegal