This one-stop shop for auto enthusiasts and in-market buyers covers the latest news and insights in the automotive industry  comprehensive reviews and buyer’s guides help consumers make informed purchases.AOL is home to multiple brands that cover entertainment news and original content from Hollywood, Broadway, and sets and stages around the world.The Huffington Post covers the world’s stories from every viewpoint. The first online news outlet to win a Pulitzer Prize, it is the new model for media organizations.Personal taste accounts for countless purchases. Our lifestyle brands bring tips, trends, insight and advice from leading tastemakers to millions of consumers daily.AOL has multiple brands covering the news 24/7 – from weather to politics to breaking stories on the local, national and global level.1. We May Discontinue or Suspend Our Site or Terminate Your Use:2. We Have All Rights In Our Site and Content  You Grant Us Certain Rights 
                When You Submit Content to Us:You shall be solely responsible for your 
                own submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them.  In connection 
                with each of your submissions, you affirm, represent, and/or warrant that:publish falsehoods or 
                misrepresentations that could damage us or any third partyPlease be advised that our site uses services and products protected by one or more of U.S. 
                Patent Nos. 5,880,722  5,886,692  6,157,771  6,201,925  6,262,777  6,285,361  6,400,886  
                6,661,430  and patents pending.3. You Have Rights if You Believe Your Copyright is Being Infringed:If you are a copyright owner or agent thereof and believe that any of our content infringes upon your copyright, please click4. Your Use of Our Content is Restricted:5. We are an Internet Service Provider, e.g., We are Not Responsible For and Do Not 
                Necessarily Hold the Opinions Expressed by Our Content Contributors:7. Your Use of Our Site is Subject to Certain Disclaimers:8. We are Not Responsible for Linked Sites:9. We May be Legally Compelled to Disclose Certain Information:10. Our Liability to You is Limited:11. Any Dispute Between Us Will be Governed by New York Law:In a speech diagnosing his partyThe following is a transcript released by the White House on Monday night of President Obamas remarks after the grand jury announcement in the Michael Brown case, as well as an answer to one question posed by a White House reporter:As President Obama looks to take legacy-defining actions while facing a hostile Congress, one of his more challenging decisions involves what goes into the fuel tanks of Americas cars.s decisions on immigration last week have angered Republicans, but have drawn strong support from a key audience, Latino voters, according to a new survey.At Marion Barrys turkey giveaway two years ago in southeast Washington, D.C., a holiday controversy came to the forefront.In a season of rough campaign attack ads, the one aimed at a North Carolina judge was among the roughest.Republicans in Congress are unified in their desire to fight President Obamas action to protect more than 4 million immigrants from deportation and ease rules for up to 1 million more.At the behest of some Senate Democrats worried about the political fallout, President Obama held off earlier this year from announcing his new immigration policy.Far from settling matters, President Obamas unilateral action on immigration all but ensures at least two more years of fierce and angry debate over one of the most contentious and polarizing issues facing the country.House Republicans have filed a lawsuit against President Obama over his healthcare law, Speaker John Boehner announced Friday, making good on a resolution passed in July.This is the text, provided by the White House, of the presidents remarks Thursday, making his case for immigration reforms.Rising Republican hostility toward President Obamas impending immigration plan is as intense as has ever existed between the White House and the GOP.Iowa can have a magical effect on visiting politicians.The Kentucky Opportunity Coalition, a conservative political nonprofit group, wasnt very busy before last year. It didnt raise or spend a single dollar in all of 2012. When the year ended, it had just $904 in its bank account.Undeterred by a dismal election that shrank the partyEven before President Obama has unveiled his plans for taking executive action on immigration, Republican lawmakers and other critics are accusing him of overstepping his authority.Democratsefforts to press a vote on the controversial Keystone XL pipeline appear to be setting up the first legislative postelection showdown between the White House and Congress.Shortly before President Obama left for Asia last weekend, aides gave him an ambitious list of potential actions he can order to change enforcement of immigration laws without congressional approval.One week after the midterm election, former Alaska Atty. Gen. Dan Sullivan won the states costly, hard-fought U.S. Senate contest, giving Republicans an eight-seat gain nationally with one race still to be decided.The House and Senate are set to consider dueling measures that aim to advance the long-delayed Keystone XL pipeline project, as the politics of Louisianas unresolved Senate election spilled into the first day of the lame-duck session of Congress.Congress returns this week to a changed atmosphere after the Republican midterm election sweepbut before any new agenda is launched, old business must be finished.