HP: What are you working on now?HP: Are there any unique challenges on this project in particular?HP: Do you usually work by yourself -- say, for the“Forgotten Arabellion”series you’re doing -- or do you have other people helping you out and building the story with you?That depends. Usually I go there with a writer, but as soon as you’re there, you might take different paths. Sometimes I really like to -- or IHP: I’d like to talk a bit more about gaining trust. For example, in your series, "A Place To Bea nice guy.HP: But you work mostly in digital, right?HP: Let’s talk about gear. What are your essentials when you travel?HP: Is there anything you think the Samsung NX1 was particularly good for? Taking portraits? Outdoor shots?HP: Do you find yourself using that camera in other settings?HP: What do you think a big mistake intermediate photographers make when they buy gear?Don’t play too much. If you have too many options, you play around too much, and you never find what you’re looking for.HP: How do you build your visual vocabulary? Are there any other photographers who inspire you and allow you to ‘see’ the photo before you take it?HP: Can we talk about lighting? You’re certainly not working in a studio setting. Do you have any tips for working with natural light?HP: What kinds of features on a camera would be conducive to low-light conditions?HP: Your photos are very journalistic, naturalistic. How much editing do you do after the fact, and how much is done in post-production?I”d say on average I spend 15-20 minutes per picture, if I have decided that it will be in the story.HP: Do you think a lot of hobbyists overdo the post-production aspect?HP: You went to school for photography in Hanover. Did you think you learned the technical side there?HP: Can you tell me about your recent trip to Croatia? [Ed: Check out the video below!]Actually, they weren't.But it turned out people all over the world weremuch more excited about the pricier iPhone 5S, which outsold the 5C in some places bymargins as high as 5 to 1in the days after the launch, and2 to 1 in the U.S. in the months afterNow, a new rumor says the 5C may be going theway of the dodoMacRumors, citing a report in Taiwan's Industrial and Commercial Times, reports that Apple may discontinue production of the iPhone 5Cin the middle of next yearis the 8-gigabyte model. In the U.S., it's free with a two-year contract or $450 without.None of this is actually bad for Apple. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Apple's flagship phones that came out in September, arebreaking sales records. Neil Cybart, an Apple analyst who blogs atAbove Avalon, estimates thatthe company will break another recordthis quarter and sell a whopping 68 million iPhones, a 33.3 percent increase over the same period last year.With the iPhone 6 Plus, Apple did the opposite of what it did last year -- it actuallyraised the price of the iPhoneCheap iPhone: Cell PhonesAccessories | eBay