Tuesday, December 9, 2014 - 2:00pmEmail Marketing Survey Results: Publisher PrioritiesBest PracticesJoin this upcoming Folio: Webinar to discuss the survey findings, and to learn
how one publ...Read MoreCreating New Revenue Streams: Transform Bookazine Content with New Channels and ProductsWebinar: The Digital Edition - ReimaginedDon   t Miss the Big BangMobile Development: TrendsKeys to Successful ExecutionFOLIO: Video: ‘Now and Next’An inside look at the 2010 FOLIO: Show and Audience Development Conference.FOLIO: Video: Christian Science MonitorThe Monitor editor John Yemma describes the transition from daily print to a new digital focus.Is it better to have one related story or 150 of them?Newsstand sales down 20 percent in Q3.Click Here to See All Blog PostsUpcoming events in the publishing and media industryNo upcoming events.Want to add your event?E-mail us detailsMost popular on FOLIO: in last 48 hoursEarning what you should? Compare and calculate your salary to those in our annual

												industry surveysPowered byReadex ResearchEvents, marketing services and digital are biggest revenue-makers.Celebs can post content directly to media platforms.XoJane, ReadWrite and more to be sold.The Former CBS Interactive Executive will start on May 27.How long can print carry the market?The platform is sponging up e-commerce sales.A D.C. bureau, data and events will fuel growth and engagement.At a min breakfast, an ad-agency panel discusses marketing shifts and the outlook for 2015.Gotham Awards: Who's Going To Win?, From Vision To Reality: 'Big Hero 6,' True Horrible Bosses Tales, Rep Moves For 11/26/14'Midnight Rider' Filmmakers Fight Train Company Charge, CBS and Dish Again Extend Deadline, HBO Docs Looks At Scientology, 'Blade Runner 2' a Go In 2015SSN Awards Spotlights: Reese Witherspoon, Eddie Redmayne, and Jake Gyllenhaal, TV Development For 11/25/14, Spirit Award Noms AnnouncedMacLaren Officially Lands 'Wonder Woman' Gig, Waltz To Play Blofeld In 'Bond 24,' 'Jobs' Lands At UniversalSSN Awards Season Launches, 'Interstellar' Producer Emma Thomas, 'Imitation Games' Producer Round Table, On The Set For 11/24/14Emil Lendof/The Daily BeastThe popularity of Suzanne Collins’s series suggests it has caught something many Americans sense: This is not the best we can do.John Moore/GettyJ.R. Bale/AlamyA brilliant Silicon Valley entrepreneur may have found a way to get dark money out of politics without changing any laws.The Daily BeastMoscow-based Editor in Chief Galina Timchenko was fired for ‘extremism’ after running an article on Ukraine. So she and her staff packed up shop and moved west.Ex-Egyptian President accused of killing 2  protesters.Suspect is dead.Was suspended for knocking fiancée unconscious.For trial.By group calling for end of Egypt military rule.Per judge   s orders.Capture towns near Damascus.Ryan Knight was on the series in 2010.Chant inside Wal-Mart.12th European nation to do so.After he beat the Nazis, the computer genius’s own country tried to “cure” him of homosexuality. This moralistic regime demonized gays while it hid true monsters.For the pop star-wannabe who’s shaking off her haters.Illegal immigrants have already paid about $1 trillion into social security. And that’s helping the system stay afloat.Want to know why sexism in persists in American life? Start by taking a look at how toys are sold to boys and girls.The Common Core education standards are catching on with parents and teachers. Why? Because they work.Fans will flock to see ‘Mockingjay’ this Thanksgiving weekend. And they’ll all leave grumbling about how these two male romantic leads are such turkeys.Two disenfranchised teens rob houses for quick cash. Their night takes an unexpected twist when they find a young girl chained up in a basement.A look behind the scenes of WoodRocket, the world’s preeminent producer of porn parodies.The beleaguered actor claims that a woman raped him during his L.A. performance art project where he sat in a room silent—and that her boyfriend was right outside the door.Underneath my chronic prickliness and assholishness I am always, always thankful.The rocker posted a rambling video on his Facebook page claiming he   s broke and penniless. He also says the CIA and DEA are after him.The men behind Ukraine’s nationalist militias are looking to replace the fumbling government in Kiev one way or another.With scarlet lips and chemical red hair, the erstwhile agent Anna Chapman is still making headlines in the West. But her audience in the Motherland is negligible.As he attempts to Islamize Turkey, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan is using women and their children.Novelist Nina Darnton spins a story with strong parallels to Amanda Knox’s, to imagine what a mother must feel like when her child gets accused of murder.When Pope Francis addressed the European Parliament, he told MEPs that Europe was tired and decrepit, and not doing enough to help imperiled migrants.The terrorists are dead, but Israeli authorities punish their families by destroying their houses. This is supposed to act as a deterrent, but may be an incitement.What happened with Chuck Hagel? Who was Hitler’s Favorite Dictator? And How did Health Republic Insurance utterly fail one of its customers? Here’s our best work from this week.Before he led the armies of the Confederacy, Stonewall Jackson was one of the strangest professors to ever teach at the Virginia Military Institute.Half of Americans (and 77 percent of evangelicals) believe natural disasters are signs not of climate change but of the ‘End Times.’ How religious beliefs are fueling climate denial.Ricky Jackson is the longest-serving person in U.S. history to be freed. It’s an all-too-typical story, with an all-too-rare happy ending.MIT Professor Eric Alm thinks that sewers are the missing link to tracking public health. So far, his research is promising.From the Amazon to Alberta, here are the best aerial shots from around the globe.A plague outbreak in Madagascar has killed 40 people so far, and due to antibiotic resistance, it could kill many more.After previously surviving colon and pancreatic cancer, the 81-year-old Supreme Court justice is reportedly ‘resting comfortably’ after cardiac surgery Wednesday.$8,000 each month with another $3,000 for housing. Welcome to the life of a Silicon Valley intern.Milly Blair Sleeveless SequinedFor your fun, flirty, freewheeling fashionista.For your cute little diva (or divo)-in-training.Ashley Pittman Kamata HornFor the stylish do-gooder out to change the world.For your favorite food-obsessed globetrotter.You need a few hours break from turkey. We can help. These chicken pot pies are twists on an American classic, and smartly turned out if made for company.Winter is in full, snowy effect across most of the U.S., which means it's time to flee the country...and head to the Caribbean.Winter is in full, snowy effect across most of the U.S., which means it   s time to flee the country...and head to the Caribbean.A powerful public-private partnership is working urgently to stop violence against children, reports Together for Girls director Michele Moloney-Kitts.One in three women has had an abortion in the United States—but their stories often remain private. A new campaign aims to change that.After two decades out of the dating scene, a fortysomething woman is suddenly in an exclusive relationship with a new man - but isthe right word?A 17-year-old Iraqi girl writes that in her culture, women and girls face constant degradation and humiliations, large and small, even at the hands of their own families. She certain...UNICEF’s Chief of Crisis Communications chronicles six weeks in the life of a 5-year-old on the brink of Ebola.Co., Born Free Afric...On her new lip balm collection, what Tyra taught her and how being a mom inspires her management decisions.Christopher Thomas’s new book, ‘Paris City of Light,’ is a sumptuous love letter to a city that has inspired people for centuries. See his timeless portraits.In ‘Painted Horses,’ his vivid—and often romantic—debut novel, Malcolm Brooks describes a modern American West where ownership of everything, including the past, is in dispute.If François Hollande hoped Valérie Trierweiler would keep her counsel—and spare his blushes—after the end of their relationship, he was very wrong.Michael Schmidt’s new book sets out to write a brief history of that sprawling monstrosity, the English-language novel.A new book takes us through the Big Top’s weird and wacky history as one of the most popular tropes in Western culture.Feast your eyes on the ‘top-grain leather,’ ‘original’ design, gilded pages. Is it the Bible? No, it’s the senator’s ‘Government Bullies’—now part of the ‘Classics of Liberty Library.’