Une photo publiée par Jessica Alba (@jessicaalba) leNov. 11, 2014 at 10:31 PSTMiss you mommy!! Happy thanksgiving everyone!! 🇬🇧🇺🇸 @dinalohanA photo posted by Lindsay Lohan (@lindsaylohan) onNov 11, 2014 at 9:16am PSTLorenzo made his turkey cupcakes!! What a baker 👌Ett foto publicerat av NICOLE💪 (@snookinic)Nov 11, 2014 at 8:33 PSTA photo posted by @karliekloss onNov 11, 2014 at 10:04am PSTLiterally getting a sunburn (I know poor me in 85 degree weather)..in my outdoor kitchen cookin up my thanksgiving feast! Hope you all have a blessed day...to see u all give us your best #thanksgivingdancewars dances!A photo posted by maria menounos (@mariamenounos) onNov 11, 2014 at 11:19am PSTHappy thanksgiving homemade dessertsA photo posted by Lucy Liu (@lucyliu) onNov 11, 2014 at 11:35am PSTMaking collard greens with Granny! Happy Thanksgiving!A photo posted by John Legend (@johnlegend) onNov 11, 2014 at 11:55am PSTMaking andouille sausage cornbread stuffing from scratch. #HappyThanksgivingA photo posted by Oprah (@oprah) onNov 11, 2014 at 12:58pm PSTA photo posted by Khloé (@khloekardashian) onNov 11, 2014 at 12:50pm PSTThankful for my Nanny's secret family recipe for French Silk #Pie! I can feel her close to us, especially on these special holidays! #FamilyMelissa Joan Hartさん(@melissajoanhart)が投稿した写真 -11月 11, 2014 at 12:46午後 PSTTatoes! http://sodelushious.com/peppers-scalloped-potatoes/A photo posted by @chrissyteigen onNov 11, 2014 at 1:20pm PSTHappy Thanksgiving Everyone!A photo posted by @azizansari onNov 11, 2014 at 3:19pm PSTAll of my homemade greatness. My first Thanksgiving all by myself ❤️❤️❤️Nov 11, 2014 at 2:54pm PSTHappy Thanksgiving ❤️🙏😊A photo posted by Miranda (@mirandakerr) onNov 11, 2014 at 2:51pm PSTMore Than Thankful. God is Amazing. #happythanksgiving #loveA photo posted by @ludacris onNov 11, 2014 at 1:48pm PSTCelebrities Share Their Thanksgiving Pics On Instagram - MSN.comCelebrities in Bikinis, Best Celeb Bikini photos : People.comCelebrities Thanksgiving Tweets 2013 | Stars Twitter Messages ...Here's Some Celebrity-Approved Food Porn Just in Time for ThanksgivingJessica Simpson Shares Cute Photo of KidsReveals Her Family's ...20 Best Celebrity Instagram Family PhotosIn 2005,Bill Cosby testified under oathCosby said in the testimony. And in return, "[The National Enquirer] would not print the story of -- print Beth's story."Cosby's statements, obtained by The New York Times and Associated Press, cameduring a deposition for a civil lawsuit filed by Andrea Constand, who claimed Cosby drugged and assaulted her.According to the Times, Cosby admitted in the previously sealed court documents that he believed if the public knew about Ferrier's allegations, it would give more validity to Constand's claims:"Exactly,” he replied.Robin Mizrahi, a senior reporter for The National Enquirer who was tasked with the Ferrier story,revealed last week to The Guardian that the tabloid spiked the pieceunder pressure from the actor's lawyers. A new article,which featured an interview with Cosbyin which he discussed allegations made against him by Constand and a woman namedTamara Green, was published instead.Cosby was quoted as saying in the 2005 piece. "I am not going to give in to people who try to exploit me because of my celebrity status."said in a statement to the AP on Wednesdaythat the tabloid was "unflinching" in its coverage of the allegations against the actor.Cosby has a long history with The National Enquirer. On Monday,Page Six's Richard Johnsonrelayed claims from a former Enquirer reporter who saidCosby leaked a 1989 story about his daughter's drug problem. In exchange, the paper buried another story about Cosby allegedly "swinging with Sammy Davis Jr. and some showgirls in Las Vegas."In 1997, theEnquirer offered a $100,000 reward for information on the death of Cosby's son, Ennis Cosby. According to a 1998 New York Times article about the conviction of Ennis Cosby's killer, thetabloid received a tip from a man named Christopher So, who would go on to be one of the key witnesses in the caseTwo years later, Cosbythreatened to sue the magazine for $250 millionafter it ran a storyclaiming Cosby had sexually assaulted an actressnamed Lachele Covington in his Manhattan townhouse."The story is not true. It did not happen,"Brokaw said in a statement to the New York Post. "Mr. Cosby was not contacted by the police and the first he learned about this was from the National Enquirer.""The Enquirer has an absolute right to report on this controversy and will not be intimidated by Mr. Cosby's threat,"Enquirer publisher David J. Pecker said in a statement at the time. "Should Mr. Cosby bring a lawsuit, the Enquirer will seek appropriate sanctions against him."For more,head to the New York TimesNicole Kidman attended the Agon Channel launch party in Milan, Italy on Nov. 26.Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield held hands as they walked home after eating lunch together on Nov. 25 in New York City.Angelina Jolie posed with Chelsea pensioners and a sailor as she arrived in Leicester Square for the Premiere of "Unbroken," which she directed, in London on Nov. 25.Sophia Bush left the gym wearing Zumba Wear pants and sneakers in Los Angeles on Nov. 24.Katharine McPhee tried on a wine-dyed Robert Mondavi Vintner’s Shirt in Los Angeles on Nov. 24.Selena Gomez stunned at the 2014 American Music Awards at the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles, California on Nov. 23.Taylor Swift was seen leaving a studio before heading over to Fred Segal to do some shopping in West Hollywood, California on Nov. 22.Lorde posed with her awards at the 2014 New Zealand Music Awards at Vector Arena on November 20.Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner looked glamorous at the 2nd annual Save the Children Illumination Gala in New York on November 19,.Kim Kardashian wore a bubblegum pink latex dress to promote her new fragrance at a Spice Market event on November 18, 2014 in Melbourne, Australia.Molly Sims goes shopping in Los Angeles on Nov. 17.Benedict Cumberbatch posed with a penguin at the "Penguins of Madagascar" New York premiere on Nov. 16.Kat Graham teamed up with Pizza Hut to surprise the town of Bland, MO, as part of the pizza company’s "Flavor of Now" menu launch on Nov. 15.Cheryl Burke and James Maslow were at Light Nightclub in Las Vegas to record iHeartRadio's #MeltingPot on Nov. 14.Jennifer Aniston posed at a photo call for "Horrible Bosses 2" in London on Nov. 13.Portia de Rossi at The Paley Center for Media’s 2014 LA Benefit Gala presented by Honey Maid, celebrating LGBT equality in media on Nov. 13.Emmy Rossum celebrated mobile filmmaking with Motorola at the Moto X Film Experience premiere event in Los Angeles on Nov. 13.Adriana Lima and Alessandra Ambrosio posed together at the the Victoria's Secret Dream Angels Fantasy Bra debut in Las Vegas on November 13, 2014.Paris Hilton hit the red carpet at the NRJ DJ Awards at Grimaldi Forum on November 12, 2014 in Monte-Carlo, Monaco.Olivia Wilde hit the red carpet at UK Premiere of 'Horrible Bosses 2' at Odeon West End on November 12, 2014 in London, England.Taylor Swift ran errands in NYC on Nov. 12.LJennifer Lawrence attended an after party following the World Premiere of 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1' at Victoria House on November 10, 2014 in London, England.Brooke Shields enjoyed a laugh beachside at the IBEROSTAR Playa Mita in Riviera Nayarit, Mexico on Nov. 10.Kim Kardashian and Kanye West leave Cipriani in NYC on Nov. 7.Victoria Beckham arrived at Gare du Nord from London for a one-day trip to Paris. She went shopping and had lunch at L'Avenue restaurant avenue Montaigne on Nov. 7.Ben Affleck looked super fit while out and about in Santa Monica, California on Nov. 6.Khloe Kardashian had some fun at Adventure to Santa, a DreamWorks DreamPlace, at GGP's Glendale Galleria in Los Angeles on Nov. 6.Pregnant Carrie Underwood glowed at the 48th annual CMA Awards at the Bridgestone Arena on Wednesday, Nov. 5, 2014, in Nashville, Tenn."Extra" special correspondent, DJ Pauly D, interviewed his former tourmate, Britney Spears, during "Britney Day" in Las Vegas on Nov. 5.Beyonceattends the Topshop Topman New York City flagship opening dinner at Grand Central Terminal on November 4.Margot Robbie (L) and Carey Mulligan posed at the Harper's Bazaar Women Of The Year awards 2014 at Claridge's Hotel on November 4, 2014 in London.Taylor Swift greets fans at Narita International Airport on November 4, 2014 in Narita, Japan.  (Photo by Jun Sato/GC Images,)Rihanna celebrates her Grandfather Bravo's 86th birthday at Philippe Chow restaurant on November 4, 2014 in New York.Jennifer Lopez arrived at the LACMA Art + Film Gala at LACMA on Saturday, Nov. 1, 2014, in Los Angeles.Kanye West Kim Kardashian smiled on the red carpet at the LACMA Art + Film Gala at LACMA on Saturday, Nov. 1, 2014, in Los Angeles."Bachelor" stars Andi Dorfman, Josh Murray and Nikki Ferrell partied at The Pool After Dark at Harrah’s Resort Atlantic City on Nov. 1.Heidi Klum snapped a selfie in her Halloween costume, complete with a matching custom Moto X smartphone.Kim Kardashian went to a restaurant in Malibu to celebrate Bruce Jenner's birthday.Jennifer Lopez wore a green crop top and pantsuit while filming "American Idol" on Oct. 28.A glowing Carrie Underwood leaves the "The View" in NYC on Oct. 27.Taylor Swift left "Good Morning America" in NYC on Oct. 27. Her album "1989" hit stores on Monday.Nikki Reed looking fresh faced, carrying the Henri Bendel West 57th Satchel while running errands in LA on Oct. 22.Matthew McConaughey and Camila Alves at the premiere of "Interstellar" at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, California on Oct. 26.Katie Holmes stocked up on Alterna Haircare’s Caviar Lengthening Elixir at Sephora in New York.Anne Hathaway attended the premiere of "Interstellar" in Los Angeles on Oct. 26, as well.Amal Alamuddin headed to her and George Clooney's post-wedding dinner party at Danesfield House Hotel in Marlow, England on Oct. 25.Padma Lakshmi attended the exclusive launch party of Club Med CREACTIVE by Cirque du Soleil in NYC on Oct. 23.Pregnant Kourtney Kardashian rocked a tight LBD to a meeting on October 22, 2014.Selena Gomez speaks onstage at We Day, an event in Vancouver on Oct. 22.Ali Fedotowsky hosted the Men’s Health Urbanathlon presented by Polo Red in NYC.Khloe Kardashian stepped out in Los Angeles on Oct. 22.Tina Fey and Amy Poehler attended Elle's Women In Hollywood event presented by REVEAL Calvin Klein on Oct. 20.Jennifer Lawrence spoke onstage at ELLE's 21st Annual Women in Hollywood Celebration presented by REVEAL Calvin Klein on Oct. 20.Riahnna stepped out in glasses as she headed to dinner in New York on Oct. 20.Julianne Hough posed at the 2014 ELLE Women In Hollywood Awards presented by REVEAL Calvin Klein on Oct. 20.Prince Harry joined a teacher training session and rugby festival at Eccles RFC on Oct. 20.Mia Goth and Shia LeBeouf at the closing night Gala screening of "Fury" during the 58th BFI London Film Festival at Odeon Leicester Square in London on Oct. 19.Reese Witherspoon enjoyed a day of errands, including a shopping trip to Williams Sonoma in Brentwood, California on Oct. 17.Pregnant Blake Lively debuted her growing belly at the God's Love We Deliver Golden Heart Awards on Thursday, Oct. 16.Jaime King stunned in a yellow dress at the Golden Heart Awards in New York City on Oct. 16.Iggy Azalea rocked short shorts as she errands in Los Angeles, California on October 16, 2014.Jennifer Garner was all smiles as she ran errands in Brentwood, California on October 16, 2014.Pregnant Kourtney Kardashian and boyfriend Scott Disick headed to a doctor's appointment together in Beverly Hills on Oct. 16.Hilary Duff flashed a smile as she arrived at the LAX airport on Oct. 16.Shailene Woodley hit the red carpet at a special screening of "White Bird In A Blizzard" in New York on Oct. 15.Brad Pitt gave Shia LaBeouf a smooh on the hand as Jon Bernthal laughed at the New York special screening of "Fury" in New York on Oct. 14.Erika Christensen went shopping for cookware at T.J Maxx in New York on Oct. 14.Beyonce debuted a new 'do at the Gare du Nord train station in Paris on Oct. 14.Brad Pitt waved as he left his hotel in New York City on Oct. 14.Alessandra Ambrosio looked adorable in jeans and a lacy crop top as she picked up Hasbro’s Littlest Pet Shop Style Sets in Los Angeles on Oct. 13.Josh Duhamel packed lunches for families in need as part of the #ShareAMeal Unilever Project Sunlight event in New York on Oct. 13.Jennifer Lawrence attended the premiere for "Serena" during the 58th BFI London Film Festival at Vue West End on October 13 in London.Reese Witherspoon at the BFI London Film Festival "Wild" gala screening at the Odeon Leicester Square in London on October 13.Zoe Saldana and her husband Marco Perego went out with their dog in Los Angeles, California on October 11.Lizzy Caplan and James Marsden were seen leaving the Chateau Marmont on Oct. 10 in Los Angeles.Jennifer Lopez stopped to smell the roses at Variety's 2014 Power Of Women Event on Oct. 10.Eva Longoria met up with family for lunch in West Hollywood, California on Oct. 9.Ariana Grande headed to the ITV studios in London on Oct. 8.Kristen Stewart stepped out in New York on Oct. 8.Selena Gomez turned heads in a low-cut dress at the Los Angeles screening of "Rudderless" on Oct. 7.Christina Hendricks smiled at a launch party for a gentlemen's jewelry collection in West Hollywood, California.Emily Blunt posed on the red carpet at the British Film Institute London Film Festival Gala Dinner in London on Oct. 7.Ariana Grande snapped a selfie with a fan at Heathrow Airport in London on Oct. 7."The Hills" star Lo Bosworth handed out Chobani Greek Yogurt Oats at Grand Central Terminal in New York on Oct. 7.Khloe Kardashian stepped out in a chic jumpsuit on Oct. 6.Pregnant actress Rachel Bilson and her boyfriend Hayden Christensen were seen stopping for some smoothies while out and about in West Hollywood, California on October 6.Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner shared a sweet kiss at the farmer's market in Pacific Palisades, California with their daughters VioletSeraphina on October 5.Emmy Rossum strolled down the streets of Los Angeles with a Moto X phone on Oct. 6.Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds are expecting their first child. Lively announced the news on her website, Preserve.Lea Michele attended the "American Horror Story: Freak Show" Los Angeles Premiere on October 5 at the TCL Chinese Theatre IMAX in Hollywood, California.Megan Fox looked amazing at the photo call of Paramount Pictures' "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" in Berlin on October 5.Jennifer Garner picked out itty bittys at a Hallmark Crown Store in New York​ this weekend.Miley Cyrus went shopping at the mall in Buenos Aires, Argentina on October 3.Gwyneth Paltrow and mother Blythe Danner hugged  backstage during the opening night of "The Country House" on Broadway on Oct. 2.Vanessa Hudgens clowned around at a haunted house in Buena Park, California on Oct. 2.J.Lo stunned in a zebra print cutout dress on the set of "American Idol."Sofia Vergara kept it casual in a white shirt and jeans in Beverly Hills, California on October 2.Beyonce Knowles stepped out with the family in Paris, France on Oct. 2.Nicole Kidman attended the Omega De Ville Prestige Butterfly launch in Seoul, South Korea on  Oct. 2.Jennifer Garner stopped by "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" on Oct. 1.Kristen Bell arrived for the premiere of "The Judge" in Beverly Hills on Oct. 1.Selena Gomez was front row at the Louis Vuitton Show during Paris Fashion Week on Oct. 1.Kim Kardashian caught a flight back to the states from Charles-de-Gaulle airport on Oct. 1.Hailee Steinfeld and Shailene Woodley posed together at the Miu Miu show as part of the Paris Fashion Week on Oct. 1.Britney Spears hit the gym in Los Angeles on Oct. 1.Giuliana Rancic helped paint helping paint P.F. Chang's Warrior Horses pink for breast cancer awareness month in Sherman Oaks, California on Sept. 30.Jared Leto went for a stroll in New York on Sept. 30.Audrina Patridge snapped a selfie at a Simple Skincare #NoMakeUpWakeup event in Los Angeles.Kendall Jenner and Cara Delevingne were spotted leaving the Chanel fashion show in Paris on Sept. 30. The show was set up as a staged feminist march.Paris and Nicky Hilton attended the Valentino Fashion Show at Paris Fashion Week on Sept. 30.Rihanna caught a flight at LAX airport in Los Angeles, California on Sept. 30.Jessica Alba sipped an iced coffee in New York on Sept. 30.Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson walked hand-in-hand as they stepped out in New York on Sept. 30.Kim Kardashian out for lunch in Paris on Sept. 29.George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin left the palazzo Ca Farsetti in Venice, Italy after their civil ceremony on Sept. 29.Miranda Kerr was spotted returning to The Peninsula Hotel in Paris, France on Sept. 28.Jessica Chastain was seen out and about in SoHo, New York City on Sept. 27.Bruce Jenner and his daughter Kylie went out for lunch in Malibu, California on Sept. 27.George Clooney and his fiancee Amal Alamuddin arrived in Venice on Sept. 26. They are expected to get married there this weekend.Jessica Alba was all smiles as she stepped out in New York on Sept. 26.Katie Holmes attended the premiere of "Days And Nights" at the IFC Center in New York on Sept. 25.Victoria Beckham spoke at the United Nations after being named a Goodwill Ambassador in New York on Sept. 25.Kim Kardashian wowed in a tuxedo jacket at the Lavin fashion show in Paris on Sept. 25.Gerard Butler went surfing in Malibu on Sept. 25.Hilary Duff attended her "All About You" music video premiere party in New York on Sept. 24.Britney Spears made a red carpet appearance in Poland to promote her lingerie fashion line on Sept. 24.Jessica Simpson stepped out in a clashing plaid outfit in New York on Sept. 24.Kanye West, Kim Kardashian West and baby North West attended the Balenciaga fashion show in Paris on Sept. 24.Sarah Jessica Parker arrived at the New York City Ballet 2014 Fall Gala in New York City on Sept. 23.Chrissy Teigen wowed in an all-black outfit at the NBA 2K15 celebration in New York on Sept. 23.Kerry Washington looked positively gorgeous in a yellow dress as she headed to "Good Morning America" on Sept. 23.Kim Kardashian and Kanye West held hands while heading to dinner at Hakkasan in London.Jessica Simpson caught a flight out of Los Angeles on Sept. 23.Denzel Washington at the NYC premiere and after party of "The Equalizer" presented by Gerber Group at Stone Rose Lounge on Sept. 22.Mark Ruffalo advocated for Meatless Monday during the U.N. Climate Summit at a brunch hosted by Beyond Meat at The Ritz Hotel on Sept. 22.Chrissy Teigen was white-hot in a strappy dress at the XOXO and Chrissy Teigen Fall '14 Campaign Launch Party on Sept. 18.Kate Hudson was all smiles at a screening of "Wish I Was Here" in London on Sept. 18.Jennifer Lopez waved to the paparazzi as she left an appearance at  a high school in the Bronx on Sept. 18.Kendall Jenner was spotted in Milan, Italy on September 18.Lenny Kravitz gave a peace sign as he stepped out in New York Sept.19.Kirsten Dunst attended "The Two FacesOf January" premiere in New York on Sept. 17.Jennifer Lopez stepped out in head-to-toe snakeskin on Sept. 17.Denzel Washington posed at a "The Equalizer" photocall at Hotel De Russie on Sept. 17 in Rome, Italy.Katie Holmes arrived at the Dujour Magazine Fall Issue Celebration in New York on Sept. 16.Taylor Swift and her cat hit the streets of New York on Sept. 16.Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West walked hand in hand as they went to a meeting in Encino, California on Sept. 16.Giuliana Rancic headed to work on September 15 wearing Elie Tahari for DesigNation, available at Kohl's.Emma Stone posed during a photocall before the screening of "Magic in The Moonlight" in Paris on Sept. 11.Sarah Jessica Parker stepped out in a bright blue jacket in New York on Sept. 11.Keira Knightley got caught in a wind storm to the premiere of "Laggies" during the Toronto International Film Festival on Sept. 10.Madonna and Skrillex hung out at the Jeremy Scott Spring/Summer Fashion Week After Party in New York on Sept. 10.Miley Cyrus out and about in NYC after showing her artwork at Jeremy Scott show on Sept. 10.Heidi Klum wore a low-cut black dress as she arrived at the the Greenwich Hotel in New York City on Sept. 10.Lauren Conrad stopped by the Kate Somerville Skin Care Center in West Hollywood, California on Sept. 9.Reese Witherspoon attended the 'Wild' premiere during the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival at Roy Thomson Hall on Sept. 8.Beyonce and Jay Z had lunch with their family and friends in Cannes, France before relaxing on their yacht on Sept. 8.Jennifer Aniston was seen leaving Variety Studio at Holt Renfrew in Toronto, Canada on Sept. 8.Joe Manganiello checked his texts on his new Moto 360 by Motorola on Sept. 8.Rihanna is seen at the Versus Versace Spring 2015 Collection during Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in New York on Sept. 7.Miley Cyrus stopped by a studio for a late night session in New York City, New York on Sept. 7.Jennifer Garner attended the TIFF premiere of "Men, WomenChildren" in Toronto on Sept. 6.Jennifer Lopez was spotted out and about in New York on Sept. 5.Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo held hands in New York on Sept. 5.Emmy Rossum posed for the cameras at the "Project Runway" fashion show in New York Sept. 5.Will Ferrell arrived at the "Welcome to Me" premiere during the Toronto International Film Festival on Sept. 5.Elizabeth Hurley stunned in a brown minidress and fur shawl in Windsor, UK on Sept. 4.Rihanna leaves her yacht to have lunch in Antibes, France on Sept. 3.Cameron Diaz dropped by the BBC Radio 1 Studios in London on Sept. 3.Taylor Swift stepped out in a little black dress in London on Sept. 3.Pregnant Kourtney Kardashian shopped in Beverly Hills, California on Sept. 2.Ellie Goulding smiled at boyfriend Dougie Poynter at the GQ Men Of The Year Awards.Kim Kardashian turned heads in a leather bustier and see-through skirt at the 2014 GQ Men Of The Year awards in London.Pharrell Williams and Jessie J posed for the cameras at the 2014 GQ Men Of The Year awards in London.Kendall Jenner headed to go-sees with her modeling portfolio in hand in New York on Sept. 2.Katie Holmes shops around for itty bittys at the Hallmark Gold Crown store on September 1.Minka Kelly snags designer boots for fall at Marshalls in Los Angeles.Ariana Grande performed on the "Today" show on Aug. 29.Alessandra Ambrosio posed for the cameras outside of the Venice International Film Festival in Italy on Aug. 28.Ed Sheeran smiled as he performed on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" in Hollywood on Aug. 29.Owen Wilson arrived in Italy for the Venice International Film Festival on Aug. 28.Kendall and Kylie Jenner celebrated their DuJour magazine cover at Lavo in New York Aug. 28.Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were married on Aug. 23 in a private ceremony in Chateau Miraval, France.Lena Dunham and Kate Mara pose for the camera in Venice, Italy, during the Venice International Film Festival on Aug. 28.Cara Delevingne rocked a funny graphic tank and short shorts in New York on Aug. 27.Rosie Huntington-Whiteley stacks pieces from the new Tiffany T Collection in Malibu.Olivia Palermo looks chic in a jacket from the new Marchesa Voyage collection exclusively for ShopStyle.com, launching Sept 9.Emma Stone arrived for the screening of "Birdman" during the opening for the 71st edition of the Venice Film Festival Aug. 27.Gisele Bundchen posed playfully at the launch of her new lingerie line in Saul Paulo, Brazil on Aug. 27.Ben Affleck dropped off his car at the valet before heading to a business meeting on Aug. 27.Jessica Chastain was all smiles when she took the dog for a walk in New York on Aug. 27."Guardians of the Galaxy" star Zoe Saldana headed to a meeting in Hollywood, California on August 27.Julia Roberts and Bryan Cranston at the Primetime Emmy Awards in Los Angeles, California on August 25.Matthew McConaughey and Camila Alves at the Primetime Emmy Awards in Los Angeles, California on August 25.Halle Berry wowed at the Primetime Emmy Awards in Los Angeles, California on August 25.Joanne Froggatt at HBO's Official 2014 Emmy After Party at The Plaza at the Pacific Design Center on August 25.Miley Cyrus wore denim shorts and blue star sunglasses as she had lunch at Kiwami sushi with a friend in Studio City, California on August 25.Beyonce wowed at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards, held at The Forum on August 24 in the Inglewood, California.Kim Kardashian went low at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards, held at The Forum on August 24 in the Inglewood, California.Pregnant Rachel Bilson and beau Hayden Christensen picked up supplies while camping in Ventura County, California on August 24.Selena Gomez attended the Variety and Women in Film Emmy Nominee Celebration powered by Samsung Galaxy on August 23.Mila Kunis and a friend were spotted out for lunch in Los Angeles, California on August 23.Kate Moss wore a little black bikini as she vacations with family in Formentera, Spain on August 22.Justin Bieber headed to lunch with a friend in Los Angeles on August 22.Lindsay Lohan flashed a peace sign while heading into an office building on August 22.Selena Gomez rocked a black dress while heading to lunch with a friend on August 22.Exes Chris Brown and Rihanna both attended the 2014 Summer Classic Charity Basketball Game at Barclays Center on August 21 in New York City.Michelle Rodriguez rocked a crop top in New York on August 20.Cara Delevingne and Zoe Kravitz were spotted out for a stroll in New York City, New York on August 21.Selena Gomez enjoyed lunch with some friends in Los Angeles, California on August 21.Chloe Grace Moretz hit the red carpet at the "If I Stay" premiere in Hollywood, California on August 20.Expectant actress, Ali Larter, attended the Pampers #BabyGotMoves event at the Children's Museum of Manhattan on August 20.Rihanna stepped out on the streets of New York on Aug. 20.Zoe Saldana took the dog for a walk on Aug. 20.Hilary Duff was spotted out and about in West Hollywood, California on August 20.Tyra Banks went out to dinner with a friend in West Hollywood on August 19.Rita Ora and Chrissy Teigen smile at the DKNY MYNY fragrance launch in New York on Aug. 19.Jennifer Hudson wowed the crowd in Rockefeller Center during a performance on the "Today" show on August 19.Madonna vacationed on a yacht in Ibiza, Spain on Aug. 19.Sofia Vergara was all smiles as she stepped out for lunch on Aug. 18.Rihanna arrived at a restaurant for dinner in New York August 18.Rita Ora completed the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge in New York City, New York on August 18.Shia Labeouf and girlfriend Mia Goth held hands after having lunch at Poquito Mas in Studio City on Aug. 18.Rosario Dawson was all smiles while walking in Madison Square Park in her Jordache Jeans on Aug. 19 in NYC.Khloe Kardashian and Scott Disick landed on a flight at LAX Airport on August 17 in Los Angeles, California.Pregnant Rachel Bilson was seen out and about in Los Angeles on August 17.Bethenny Frankel rocked a bikini at The Hamptons PaddlePink Party at Havens Beach on August 16 in Sag Harbor, New York.Channing Tatum attended the Hollywood Foreign Press Association's Grants Banquet at The Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California on August 14.Elle Fanning attended The Hollywood Foreign Press Association's Grants Banquet in Los Angeles on August 14.Rihanna left a party at the Bowery Hotel at 3am and headed home in NYC on August 14.Pregnant Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego stepped out for lunch at Osteria Mozza in West Hollywood on August 14.Pregnant Kourtney Kardashian enjoyed lunch with her friend Jonathan Cheban in Southampton, New York on August 14.Demi Lovato gave a peace sign to her fans in New York City on August 14.Jamie Chung cooled off at the Marc Jacobs Daisy Dream Clouds Lounge celebrating the new Daisy Dream fragrance in New York City on August 14.Kim Kardashian stepped out with friend Jonathan Cheban for dinner on August 13.Lea Michele spotted wearing the new fashion tech bracelet elemoon in LA on August 13.Daniel Radcliffe arrived on the red carpet for the UK premiere of "What If" at the Odeon West End in London on Aug. 12.Jessica Alba was pretty in pink as she headed to ABC studios on August 12.Kim and Kourtney Kardashian check in on their Dash store in Southampton, New York on August 12.Brenton Thwaites, Katie Holmes, Odeya Rush, Taylor Swift and Cameron Monaghan attended the world premiere of "The Giver" at the Ziegfeld Theatre on Monday, Aug. 11.Britney Spears smiled as she chatted on the phone in Thousand Oaks, California.Jennifer Lopez headed to a business meeting in Century City, California on August 11.Kendall Jenner, Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner arrived at the Teen Choice Awards at the Shrine Auditorium on Sunday, Aug. 10.Selena Gomez accepted the award for ultimate choice at the Teen Choice Awards at the Shrine Auditorium on Sunday, Aug. 10.Taylor Swift arrives at the Teen Choice Awards at the Shrine Auditorium on Sunday, Aug. 10.Iggy Azalea performed on NBC's "Today" show at Rockefeller Plaza on August 8.Nina Dobrev stunned at the "Let's Be Cops" Premiere in Hollywood, California on August 8.Kristin Chenoweth and home décor retailer HomeGoods celebrated Happiness Happens Day in New York City on August 8.Alessandra Ambrosio grabbed coffee in Brentwood, California on August 7.Cara Delevingne was spotted out and about in London, England on August 7.Kylie Jenner attended The Imagine Ball at the House Of Blues in West Hollywood on August 6.Katie Holmes dropped by Sirius Radio in New York on August 6.Kristin Cavallari was spotted out and about in West Hollywood, California on August 6.Miley Cyrus left her New York hotel August 6.Ashley Tisdale left the salon in Los Angeles on August 6.Kris Jenner grabbed lunch in California on August 6.Robert Pattinson arrived on a flight in London on August 5.Jessica Alba stepped out in New York on August 5.Kim Kardashian shopped in Woodland Hills, California on August 5.Dakota Fanning grabbed a coffee in style in New York on August 5.Megan Fox stopped to smell the roses at the Sirius XM Radio station in New York on August 5.Christina Hendricks visited the BBC studios to promote her new movie, "God's Pocket," on August 4.Lindsay Lohan hopped on a jet ski in Mykonos, Greece on August 4.Lucy Hale left the gym in West Hollywood, California on August 4.Sophia Bush attended the Gilt City Better than Backstage Rooftop pool party August 2 in Chicago during Lollapalooza weekend.Megan Fox arrived at the LA Premiere of "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" in Los Angeles on Sunday, Aug. 3.Hilary Duff waved to the cameras on the streets of West Hollywood August 1.Minka Kelly went shopping in Sherman Oaks, California on August 1.Kaley Cuoco headed to yoga in Sherman Oaks, Calfornia on August 1.Mel B. was pretty in pink for Day 1 of The X Factor London Arena auditions at Wembley Arena on August 1.Alec Baldwin smiled as he headed to dinner in London July 31.Selena Gomez kept it casual as she headed to a meeting in Los Angeles, California on July 31.Reese Witherspoon totally reminded us of Elle Woods in a bright pink blouse July 31.Jennifer Lopez and Leah Remini shopped in West Hollywood on July 30.Lana Del Rey attended the New York premiere of "Child Of God" at the Tribeca Grand Hotel on July 30.Heidi Klum hit the red carpet at the "America's Got Talent" Season 9 Pre-show in New York July 30.Michelle Rodriguez had some fun in the sun on a yacht in Ibiza July 30.Kendall Jenner shopped with friends in West Hollywood July 30.Miranda Kerr hit the red carpet at the Escada flagship store opening in Munich, Germany July 29.Selena Gomez arrived at a special screening of "Behaving Badly" in Los Angeles on July 29.Zoe Saldana attended a screening of "Guardians of the Galaxy" hosted by The Cinema Society and Men's Fitness in New York on July 29.Lindsay Lohan enjoyed a stroll on the beach with a friend in Ibiza, Spain on July 29.Anna Paquin and her new blue hair stopped to get coffee in Los Angeles on July 29."The Bachelorette" star Andi Dorfman and her fiance Josh Murray arrived at "Good Morning America" in NYC on July 29.John Legend Chrissy Teigen share a smooch at the DuJour Magazine and NYY Steak event in New York July 28.Justin Bieber and Make A Wish recipient Grace posed at the 2014 Young Hollywood Awards at The Wiltern in Los Angeles July 27.Vanessa Hudgens arrived at the 16th Annual Young Hollywood Awards in Los Angeles on July 27.Kelly Osbourne arrived at the 16th Annual Young Hollywood Awards  at The Wiltern in Los Angeles July 27.Kim Kardashian slipped into a sophisticated beige wrap dress with a thigh-high slit for a photo shoot in Los Angeles on July 27.Rita Ora was quite the stunner in a leather jumpsuit at Tao Nightclub in Las Vegas July 26.Lindsay Lohan attended the Weisses Fest in Linz, Austria on July 26.Tyler Posey was clearly pumped to be on the "Teen Wolf" panel during Comic-Con International 2014 in San Diego July 25.Bikini-clad Cameron Diaz relaxed on a yacht with new beau Benji Madden July 25.Alessandra Ambrosio and husband Jamie Mazur share a kiss in Brentwood, California July 25.Megan Fox attended the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" press line on Day 1 of Comic-Con International in San Diego  July 24.Vin Diesel messed around with stilts at the "Guardians Of The Galaxy" premiere in London July 24.Chris Pratt attended the European premiere of "Guardian Of The Galaxy" in London, England July 24.Kristin Cavallari smiled as she shopped in Los Angeles, California July 24.Selena Gomez turned heads at the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation Gala in Saint-Tropez, France, July 23.Kit Harington and "Game of Thrones" onscreen lover Rose Leslie walked through LAX together on July 23.Paris Hilton caught a flight out of LAX July 23.Look out below! Selena Gomez made a splash as she umped into from a yacht into the waters in Saint-Tropez France July 22."Modern Family" star Eric Stonestreet helped Swiffer spotlight how cleaning can be easier with the help of their famous Big Green Box on July 23 in New York.Rachel McAdams attended the premiere of "A Most Wanted Man" at the Museum of Modern Art in New York July 22.Kate Hudson rocked "Almost Famous" style sunglasses as she headed out in New York July 22.Anne Hathaway was spotted outside the Crosby Hotel in New York City, New York on July 22.Taylor Swift rocked an "S" necklace to commemorate her best friend Selena Gomez's birthday July 22.Kesha debuted her freshly dyed blue locks at LAX July 22.Irina Shayk stunned in all white before her interview with Extra in Universal City, California July 22.Benji Madden was in all black when he arrived at the airport in Los Angeles, California July 22.Jamie Lynn Sigler sipped on a Post Goodness-To-Go breakfast shake after a workout in Los Angeles July 22.Zoe Saldana attended the "Guardians Of The Galaxy" premiere in Los Angeles July 21.Jesse Metcalfe left the gym wearing a Coca-Cola Tee after finishing a workout in Los Angeles July 21.Lea Michele gave us Audrey Hepburn vibes in this black dress she wore to the Giffoni Film Festival in Salerno, Italy July 20.Jared Leto stepped out in St. Tropez, France on July 20.Iggy Azelea and Rita Ora rocked matching white robes on the set of their music video for "Black Widow" July 19.Eva Longoria had lunch with friends while vacationing in Marbella, Spain.Emma Stone stopped by "The Daily Show" in New York July 17.Katherine McPhee smiled for the cameras at the 2014 Television Critics Association press tour in West Hollywood, California July 17.Jennifer Love Hewitt posed on the red carpet at the Television Critics Association press tour July 17.Megan Fox attended the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Sports Awards at UCLA's Pauley Pavilion in Los Angeles, California July 17.Legendary Broadway and television actress Elaine Stritch died at the age of 89 at her home in Michigan July 17.Reese Witherspoon looked summery in all white as she stepped out in Beverly Hills, California, July 17.Selena Gomez turned heads in a flowy blue dress in Italy July 16.Johnny Depp surprised fans at the Aerosmith concert when he joined the band onstage in Mansfield, Massachusetts July 16.Neil Patrick Harris was named the face of Heineken Light's new "Best Tasting Light" campaign on July 17.Mario Lopez and Chrissy Teigen laughed as they prepared for Teigen's Extra interview in Universal City, California July 16.Nicole Richie posed for a photo before giving an interview for Extra in Universal City, California July 16.Lindsay Lohan spent the day on a yacht off the coast of Ischia, Italy on July 15.Details magazine CEO Dan Peres posed for a photo with Jennifer Aniston and fiance Justin Theroux at a dinner party in Los Angeles July 15.Courtney Cox and Malin Akerman posed for a photo at a dinner hosted by Details magazine in Los Angeles July 15.Kate Hudson at the "Wish I Was Here" screening at AMC Lincoln Square Theater in New York City on July 15.Cameron Diaz attended the New York screening of "Sex Tape" on July 14.Gwen Stefani sported a black Tribe sweater, a red bag and red heels as she stops by an acupuncture center in Koreatown, Los Angeles, California on July 14.LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian arrived at LAX airport to catch an outgoing flight on July 14.Taylor Swift and Karlie Kloss grabbed lunch together in New York July 14.Michelle Williams smiled for the cameras at the NBC Universal TCA in Beverly Hills July 14.Giuliana Rancic posed on the red carpet at the 2014 North American Hairstyling Awards in Las Vegas July 13.Britney Spears and her boyfriend David Lucado walked hand in hand as they headed to the mall in Los Angeles July 13.Wiz Khalifa partied and performed on Pampelonne Beach in Saint-Tropez, France, on July 12.Kris Jenner smiled as she left dinner with a friend in West Hollywood July 10.Taylor Swift stepped out in all black in New York City July 11.Nicole Scherzinger rocked a boho look when she left the ITV Studios in London, England July 11.Janelle Monae performed at the 2014 Taste Of Chicago on July 10.Paris Hilton attended a release party for her new single, "Come Alive," at 1Oak in Los Angeles July 10.Jason Segel and Cameron Diaz attend a "Sex Tape" photo call in Beverly Hill July 10.John Legend performs on NBC's "Today" show in New York July 10.Mindy Kaling and Carson Daly announced the award nominees at the 66th Primetime Emmy Nominations Announcement in Los Angeles July 10.Will Smith enjoyed a beach day on vacation in Ibiza, Spain July 10.Sharon Stone smiled as she prepared for an interview in Universal City, California July 9.Natalie Portman was all smiles as she ran errands on July 9 in Los Feliz, California.Anne Hathaway and Robert De Niro filmed scenes for "The Intern" in NYC on July 9.Kim Kardashian wowed in a plunging dress at Paris Fashion Week on July 9.Ashley Greene looked lovely while heading to lunch at Lemonade in West Hollywood, California on July 8."Game of Thrones" star Jason Momoa was seen having lunch with friends at the 'iL Buco' Restaurant in Downtown, Manhattan on July 8.Kate Hudson and Jared Leto attended the Giorgio Armani Prive show as part of Paris Fashion Week at Theatre National de Chaillot on July 8 in Paris.Pink attended the Giorgio Armani Private Show Haute Couture in Paris on July 8.Kristen Stewart debuted her new 'do at the Chanel show as part of Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2014-2015 at Grand Palais in Paris, France July 8.Kendall Jenner walked the runway during the Chanel show as part of Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2014-2015 in Paris, France July 8Jennifer Lawrence attended the Christian Dior show as part of Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2014-2015 on July 7, 2014 in Paris, France.Kate Upton smiled at her Express Campaign Launch event in New York City July 8.Jared Leto put his hands up to the crowd at the Chanel show during Paris Fashion Week - Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2014-2015 in Paris, France July 8.Taylor Swift was spotted out and about in NYC on July 7.Sean Penn and his girlfriend Charlize Theron visited the Christian Dior showroom in Paris, France on July 7.Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky watch day 13 of Wimbledon 2014 on July 6.Olivia Palermo picked up Ruffino Prosecco Sorbetto at New York’s il lab oratorio del gelato on July 5.Jennifer Garner went out for a bike ride at the Pacific Palisades 4th of July Parade in California.Bill Cosby Gave Interview to Keep Charges SecretBoth the dark side and the light got its fill of "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" on Friday,as the film's first trailer pinged around the internet with speed comparable to hyperdriveJohn Boyega as a StormtrooperIt has been rumored since July thatBoyega plays a Stormtrooper who winds up abandoning his postLuke and Han in "Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope."This robotIt's just cute.Daisy Ridley asLeia on EndorHanLeia's daughter?It hasn't been confirmed that newcomer Daisy Ridley plays thedaughter of Han Solo and Princess Leiain "The Force Awakens," but her first appearance in the new trailercertainly gives off a Leia vibeOscar Isaac doing things inside an X-WingWhy is this relevant? Because according to Latino Review,Isaac's unnamed character was supposedly the new owner of the Millennium FalconIs this Adam Driver with the evil-looking lightsaber?The Millennium Falcon is back forthe first time in 31 yearsGreat shot kid, that was one in a million.Star Wars: The Force Awakens trailer: as it happened - TelegraphStar Wars VII - The Force Awakens Teaser Trailer!!!! : videos - RedditTo Celebrate "Star Wars: The Force Awakens", Here's 3 Cute GIFs of ...The Force Awakens GIFs on Giphy