Just drag and dropthis linkonto the Home icon in your browser.We are committed to building, improving, and expanding some of the best brands onlineor anywhere, for that matter. You can find out about our brands such as The Huffington Post, MapQuest, Engadget, AOL Advertising andThis notice provides highlights of the fullol haz clicWe collect and receive information about you and your device when you give it to us directly, when you use our Services, and from certain third-party sources.The information we collect and receive is used to provide our Services, to improve our Services, and to offer effective advertising, which helps us keep most of our Services free.non-personally identifiable informationwith select business partners.Learn moreYou canof targeted advertising delivered by the AOL Advertising Network.AOL Inc.About Our Ads0169  2014, AOL Inc. All rights reserved.new Image().src = 'http://privacy.aol.com/traffic/' + '?t=js&bv=&os=&tz=&lg=&rv=&rsv=&pw=%2F&cb=11 926380'200,000+ Without PowerIs Turkey Actually Good for You?Do the nutritional perks of turkey deserve to be at the center of your Thanksgiving feast? Our weekly poll of five experts answer the questions that gnaw at youFerguson Rallies Across the U.S.Demonstrators across the U.S. took to the streets in protest against a grand jury   s decision not to indict officer Darren WilsonTIME for Thanks: Public Figures Count Their BlessingsThanksgiving is a time when families across the country gather around their dining room tables and reflect on life   s many blessingsnot least of these being the blessing of family itself. This year, TIME asked public figures to reflect on what they   re thankful forHow Parkinson   s Disease Changed One FamilyTaking CareCricket Star Phillip Hughes DiesAustralian cricketer Phillip Hughes has died at Sydney8 Gadgets to Help You Survive ThanksgivingLets be honest: Even if we love grandpa, weve heard the same story every year since 2003. So we   ve put together a Thanksgiving survival guide: eight gadgets for putting up with eight troublesome family membersEbola Cases in Sierra Leone WillSoon EclipseLiberiaAmazon Slashes Kindle Prices for Black FridayCleveland Officer Shot 12-Year-Old Within Seconds on SceneAvatar Sequels Will Be    Bitchin 8221  Cameron SaysJames Cameron has dividedAvatarsequel scripts to a team that includes Rick Jaffa, Amanda Silva, Josh Friedman and Shane Salerno.I can tell you one thing,Cameron toldEmpirere gonna be bitchin' 8221Labor Group Plans Strike of Walmart Stores on Black FridayEmployees at Walmart stores in at least six states and Washington, D.C., plan to strike on one of the busiest shopping days of the year to protest workerswages and hours. For the third year in a row, OUR Walmart is organizing a massive strike on Black FridayGetThe Brief e-mail every morning in your inboxWhy would two birds be spending the night in a hotel that typically houses dignitaries (many of whom, Im sure, eat poultry) on the same floor that houses the Martin Luther King Jr. Suite? The answer is simple: these are no ordinary birds.and the back-up turkeythat will get pardoned by the President in the annual Turkey pardoning ceremony.Gary Cooper told TIME before heading to the District that having the opportunity to raise the presidential turkey is thepinnacle of the turkey industrywhich raised over 240 million turkeys last year46 million of which were eaten at Thanksgiving.s a real honor to be able to chosen to do this,said Gary, whose farm has been in his family for generations.The whole thing is just a very positive experience for not just my family, but the whole industry and the nation.Last Week Tonighthost John Oliver recently questioned why we bother pardoning turkeys at all given theyre allguilty of being delicious.Yet, its one of those harmless traditions likely to stick around.ve been free to roam in and out of the barn at their will, as long as Cole has been around to make sure the birds dont become dinner for local predators. Theyve also become pretty fond of Kenny Chesney (in their opinion, Cole says,Life on a Rockis his best work). But between their cozy barn in Ohio and their future home at Morven Park in Virginia, the birds will be a little more restricted.In recent years, Leslee Oden and Damon Wells of the National Turkey Federation have been preparing hotel rooms for turkeys and theyre cutting the brown paper thehotdog wayas a nod to my kindergarten teacher, Mrs. Snyder. And we discuss the varying breeds of turkeys the Coopers raised in the lead up to Thursdays ceremony, including Spanish black, blue slate, and bronze turkeys.. In a conversation with TIME, Cole said the twobirds essentially picked themselves.I was actually in the barn on Wednesday, just like any other night to see how theyre interacting with each other,Cole said last Friday.And these two birds just walk up to me and started strutting. It was like they said,hey, were ready to go.It took a little over an hour to prepare the room for the birds, who still hadnt arrived when I left, but got more than enough of their share of the spotlight during a media event on Tuesday.Should the Ferguson Protestors Be TIME   s Person of the Year?Again, as I wrote a few weeks agowith more to come, as a new generation of polychromatic, unprejudiced young people take charge.Should the Ferguson Protestors Be TIME   s Person of the Year? Vote Below for #TIMEPOY2014 POY Y/NOver 450,000 peoplesigned up for health insurancevia the healthcare.gov website during the first week of open enrollment, the Obama administration said Wednesday.The Department of Health and Human Services says 462, 125 people signed up for insurance between Nov. 15 and Nov. 21. Nearly half of those enrollees were new customers,Last year during the first month of the rocky rollout of Obamas signature health care law, only about 106,000 people signed up for insurance.Enrollment via the Spanish-language version of healthcare.gov, however, lags. The site has had about 95,000 users since the second enrollment period began.Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg underwent heart surgery on Wednesday. The 81-year-old justice is said to beresting comfortablyand will likely be released within the next 48 hours, according to a Supreme Court release.Ginsburg had a stenta small mesh tube that supports narrow or weak arteriesimplanted in her right coronary artery. She reportedly felt discomfort during exercise on Tuesday and was taken to MedStar Washington Hospital Center where a blockage was discovered.At any rate, Ginsburg isn   t planning on going anywhere soon. In an interview withEllein September, Ginsburg quashed rumors that she had plans to step down.As long as I can do the job full steam. I think Ill recognize when the time comes that I cant any longer. But now I can,Ginsburg said.Nothing could be a more soothingand more bizarrethan listening to Speaker of the House John Boehner explain in his resonant bass voice how he cooks his turkey for Thanksgiving.The most powerful Republican in Congress revealed  8220 The Boehner Brine, 8221  the perfect Thanksgiving turkey in a video released Tuesday.Been perfecting the Boehnerrecipe for years. This is the result:Speaker John Boehner (@SpeakerBoehner)maple syrup, 8221  Boehner says.Ferguson Protests Across the U.S.Thanksgiving Travel TipsThere are going to be some 41 million people in motion before and after Thanksgiving. Here   s how to navigate the chaosBill Cosby   s Nephew Speaks OutBraxton Cosby, head of Cosby Media Productions, said his 77-year-old uncle  8220 is innocent 8221  in light of the  8220 unjustified claims 8221  of sex assault by multiple womenThe One Battle Michael Browns Family Will WinS.F. Passes First-Ever Retail Worker    Bill of RightsThe San Francisco Board of Supervisors approved new protections for the citys retail workers aimed at giving staffers more predictable schedules and access to extra hours ahead of their hectic Thanksgiving and Black Friday shiftsThanksgiving Travel Chaos Amid Winter StormsISIS Got Up to $45 Million in Ransoms, U.N. SaysEbola Isolation Is    Vacation    for U.S. Service MembersHBO Lands Brett Morgen   s Kurt Cobain DocumentaryTwo years after airing Brett Morgens Rolling Stones documentary,Crossfire Hurricane, HBO has signed up to air his long-simmering documentary on Kurt Cobain. The film will debut on HBO, and Universal will release the film internationally in 2015Hong Kong Police Clear Protest SiteThe First 3-D Printer in Space Prints Its First ObjectJohnny Depp Doesn   t Care AnymoreJohnny Depp doesnt care anymoreA week after the U.S. branch of Save the Children (STC) presented Tony Blair with a  8220 global legacy award 8221  in New York, almost 200 staff at the charityhave signed an internal letter saying the award is8220 inappropriate and a betrayal to Save the Children   s founding principles and values. 8221Make Poverty History campaignseparate online petitionGuardian(LITTLE ROCK, Ark.)Like several states, Arkansas and Mississippi had voter-approved constitutional amendments pass in 2004 that defined marriage between one man and one woman.8220 The fact that Amendment 83 was adopted by referendum does not immunize it from federal constitutional scrutiny, 8221  Baker wrote in her ruling.Besides the amendment, Mississippi has a 1997 law that bans same-sex marriage.Barnett Jr. is an attorney and son of segregationist Mississippi Gov. Ross Barnett, who was in office from 1960 to 1964.The ruling was similar in Arkansas.Baker put the ruling on hold, anticipating an appeal to the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, based in St. Louis.Mississippi officials had already said they planned to appeal any ruling that overturned the law.Jack Wagoner, a lawyer for the Arkansas couples who had told the judge last week that same-sex marriage would eventually be legal nationwide, said he was pleased with her decision.8220 She   s on the right side of history, 8221  Wagoner said.  8220 It   s pretty clear where history   s heading on this issue. 8221Another lawyer, Cheryl Maples, said eyes would turn now to the Arkansas Supreme Court, which heard arguments last week in a similar but separate case.8220 If the state Supreme Court strikes down on state constitutional issues, then it   s gone as far as it can go, 8221  Maples said.Justices have not indicated when they will rule in that case.8220 If gay marriage can be legal in Mississippi, the whole country can feel hope, 8221  Pritchett said.Speaking in Chicago before a scheduled speech on immigration reform, the President acknowledged that many Americans are upset by the decision but appealed for calm.He continued,  8220 nothing of significance, nothing of benefit results from destructive acts. 82218220 To those that think that what happened in Ferguson is an excuse for violence, I do not have any sympathy for them, 8221  he added.I have no sympathy at all for destroying your own communities.Should Ferguson Protestors be Person of the Year? Vote below for #TIMEPOY