It is one of the most famous selfies ever taken. Last year, during the memorial service to Nelson Mandela, president Obama and David Cameronposed for a picturewith the prime minister of Denmark, Helle Thorning-Schmidt.However it turns out Thorning-Schmidt was actually hoping to snap a picture of just her and Obama. In aninterview with The Huffington Post UK, Stephen Kinnock, the Danish prime minister's husband, reveals that Cameron was only in it because he managed to "muscle himself in".Stephen Kinnock with his wife, Danish prime minister Helle Thorning-SchmidtHe told HuffPost: "Yeah well, for me, the most striking thing about the selfie was our prime minister muscling in on the left."She was sitting and chatting with Obama, then the selfie idea somehow emerged, and then suddenly Cameron appeared in shot and managed to muscle himself in on the picture."In thefull interviewbacon sandwich.Oscars host Ellen Degeneres just 'broke Twitter' by posting the most star-studded -- and most re-Tweeted -- selfie in history, taken with her trusty Samsung Galaxy Note 3.The Rev.Al Sharpton faced down a hecklerTuesday during a press conference with Michael Brown's family  in Ferguson, Missouri.Sharpton used his midday speechBystanders quickly ushered the man from the church where Sharpton was speaking.Watch the heckler's interruption, above, and Sharpton's press conference, below:In this photo from Instagram user bibbiesss, people protest in New York City on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Twitter user MegMPress, people protest in New York City on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Instagram user, superbia454, people protest in Chicago on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.People protest in New York City on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Instagram user, MinkuMedia, people protest in Chicago on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Instagram user radoza, people protest in Philadelphia on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Twitter user feverfewmusic, people protest in Philadelphia on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Twitter user AskiaDaGreat, people protest in New York City on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Instagram user kobasounds, people protest in San Francisco on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Twitter user lilhalfpint79, people protest in Seattle on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Instagram user evandagan, people protest in Seattle on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Twitter user norsecodedusty, people protest in Denver on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Instagram user brandy__chris, people protest in Denver on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Twitter user KatieACausey, people protest in Washington D.C. on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Twitter user michaeljtabb, people protest in New York City. on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Instagram user nenweezy, people protest in Washington D.C. on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.In this photo from Instagram user jennrubenstein, people protest in Washington D.C. on Mon. Nov, 24, 2014.We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download the free app The Huffington Post by HuffingtonPost.com, get iTunes now.Already have iTunes? Click I Have iTunes to open it now.Open iTunes to buy and download apps.Navigate with ease through the real-time updates from HuffPost's Pulitzer-prize winning newsroom and international editions including the UK, Canada, Brazil, Germany, Spain, France, Italy, Japan, Korea and Maghreb.Make your voice heard by commenting on articles and sharing your favorite stories and opinion pieces with friends, family, and coworkers with integrated connections to Facebook and Twitter.We are working to continually improve the overall experience and feature offerings and welcome your feedback. Please send your suggestions, questions or bugs to ipad@huffingtonpost.com.Bug FixesGood site content, poorly represented by an embarrassingly poor application.Months later, this still happens. Geeze Louise!Horrible app.  I have been kicked out of the app a dozen times just trying to read one article. Each update seems to make it worse instead of better.Compatibility:Requires iOS 8.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. This app is optimized for iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus.Discover and sharenew apps.Follow us onDiscover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more.Follow usand discovernew iTunes Radio Stationsand the music we love.Shop theApple Online Storevisit anApple Retail Store, or find a2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.