In fact, most PlayStation 3 games could not be played remotely and only a few could be played cross-platform.The FTC also settled with Deutsch LA, which had urged its staffers to praise the device on Twitter without also instructing them to disclose their relationship to Sony.Deutsch LA prepared the advertising for the launch of the PS Vita and either knew or should have known that the ads were misleading, the FTC said.Attempts to reach the two companies for comment were not immediately successful.(Reporting and writing by Diane Bartz  Editing by Bill Trott and Chizu Nomiyama)Own a PlayStation Vita? Sony Might Owe You MoneySony agrees to refund Playstation Vita owners over misleading adsSony Playstation Vita early adopters may be getting a cash settlementHP: What are you working on now?HP: Are there any unique challenges on this project in particular?HP: Do you usually work by yourself -- say, for the“Forgotten Arabellion”series you’re doing -- or do you have other people helping you out and building the story with you?That depends. Usually I go there with a writer, but as soon as you’re there, you might take different paths. Sometimes I really like to -- or IHP: I’d like to talk a bit more about gaining trust. For example, in your series, "A Place To Bea nice guy.HP: But you work mostly in digital, right?HP: Let’s talk about gear. What are your essentials when you travel?HP: Is there anything you think the Samsung NX1 was particularly good for? Taking portraits? Outdoor shots?HP: Do you find yourself using that camera in other settings?HP: What do you think a big mistake intermediate photographers make when they buy gear?Don’t play too much. If you have too many options, you play around too much, and you never find what you’re looking for.HP: How do you build your visual vocabulary? Are there any other photographers who inspire you and allow you to ‘see’ the photo before you take it?HP: Can we talk about lighting? You’re certainly not working in a studio setting. Do you have any tips for working with natural light?HP: What kinds of features on a camera would be conducive to low-light conditions?HP: Your photos are very journalistic, naturalistic. How much editing do you do after the fact, and how much is done in post-production?I”d say on average I spend 15-20 minutes per picture, if I have decided that it will be in the story.HP: Do you think a lot of hobbyists overdo the post-production aspect?HP: You went to school for photography in Hanover. Did you think you learned the technical side there?HP: Can you tell me about your recent trip to Croatia? [Ed: Check out the video below!]Zach Carter6:16 PM ETAmbassador Power:It’s unfortunate then that at the time of Power’s discussion there was an even moreFunny thing, though! The CAP conference was held on Wednesday last week. That same day, the White House wasworking to blockefforts by Senate Democrats to release that report on the "enhanced interrogation" programs initiated during the Bush years. By Thursday, negotiations over the report had broken down into. Sen. Jay Rockefeller (D-W.Va.) openly accused Obama officials of negotiating in bad faith:“It’s being slow-walked to death. They’re doing everything they can not to release it," Rockefellertold HuffPost last weekThe United Nations seems to agree. Earlier in November, members of theU.N. Committee Against Tortureexcoriated the Obama administration for failing to punish anyone over the torture programs, with at least one member accusing the U.S. Department of Justice of whitewashing abuses.Jason LinkinsNovember 22, 20147:30 AM ETSo,Listen to this week's "SoThatHappened" below:Some highlights from this week:-- Elise Foley-- Kate SheppardTo which"The oil and gas industry likes it, but not everybody in Louisiana works for Exxon-Mobil.""There's always been a lot of questions around it. The issue of publicly releasing parts of the document has obviously inspired everybody to get a lot more angry about it."-- Ali WatkinsThis podcast was edited by Ibrahim Balkhy and sound engineered by Brad Shannon, with assistance from Christine Conetta, Chris Gentilviso and Adriana Usero.Have a story you'd like to hear discussed on the "SoHappened" podcast?Email usat your convenience!November 20, 20148:12 PM ETThe disease still rages in West Africa,where more than 5,000 people have died since MarchGETTING IT RIGHTPresident Barack ObamaObama even managed to take something he’s not normally good at -- the “theatrics” of being president -- and do it well.He went out of his way to hug, kiss, and shake hands with Ebola survivorsThe Centers For Disease Control and Prevention: The CDC can’t be said to have gotten everything right during the U.S. Ebola scare. One of its most notable mistakes was giving Dallas-based Ebola nurse Amber Vinsonthe all-clear to take commercial flights to and from Clevelandsneakily editing its website and altering some information about the virus’ transmissabilitythe nation where your chance of surviving Ebola is the highest. And unlike the media and your Congress, the CDC has not taken its attention from the real problem: Ebola’s outbreak in West Africa.Texas Gov. Rick Perry: As with the CDC, Perry (R) won’t be able to claim that he got through the Ebola crisis error-free. Like the CDC, Texas’ health officials under Perry’s bailiwickplayed a role in causing“Panic In The Skies: The Amber Vinson Story.” Aftertaking the correct stance on travel bans, Perryreversed himselfand came out in favor of epidemic-enabling restrictions. And Perry wasn’t quite able to distance himself from his political point-scoring instincts.Still, in the aggregate, Perry arguably compares favorably to a lot of public officials -- especially when put alongside other governors who bungled their response to Ebola. Perryset a calm and positive tone at the outset of the crisis, imparting crucial information with ideal accuracy. In the wake of mistakes, Perryincluded himself in his assessment:“We must admit, along the way, we have seen ample opportunity for improvement.” To that end, Perrythat he would impanel a new Texas Task Force on Infectious Disease Preparedness and Response, which potentially may aid in the containment of future outbreaks.Shepard SmithThere are others who deserve to be lauded for remaining sensible at a time when everyone else in the media seemed to be turning into a werewolf.  Media giant Gannettmade a company-wide decisionto use its platform as a proactive tool to aid the effort to halt both the diseasedecided to slow itself down, passing on quick revenue-generating scoops and the opportunity to break news in favor of being reliable.  And Harold Pollack wrote amasterful, soup-to-nuts-and-spare-nobody piece for Politico Magazinethat analyzed every avenue of Ebola-response, just when it seemed like the world needed a dose of reassurance.America’s Medical ProfessionalsThey labor under tough conditions, even in the U.SGETTING IT WRONGThe Idiot Governors: A good definition of "leading from behind" would be doing what is popular, even if the popular thing is contrary to what is right.quietly dumped” his zany plan.)At the same time as Christie, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D)implemented a similar three-week hospital quarantine protocolthat drew the similar ire of epidemiologists and public health professionals. Then, like Christie, Cuomo un-implemented it. He advised people riding out home quarantines thatthey could read his book, just in case they actually want to feel sick.So Jindal did the next-best thing:He told some doctors to get lostSyracuse UniversityDu Cille told the Washington Post’s Lindsay Bever: “I’m pissed off and embarrassed and completely weirded out that a journalism institution that should be seeking out facts and details is basically pandering to hysteria.”Syracuse’s feebleminded response to the Ebola crisis was chief amongof educational institutions failing the public and their employees.Opportunists and fearmongers of 2014Ebola-infected ne’er-do-wells coming across the United States’ southern bordermore fantastical ideas, such as “terrorists will infect themselves with Ebola and bring their death-poop to these shores.”this spot from Sen. Mark Pryor(D-Ark.) that stopped only inches short of suggesting that his opponent, Rep. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) was “pro-Ebola” -- it was reliably gross.The Media: Finally, let’s talk about who was responsible for willfully, wantonly, spreading Ebola-failure far and wide across the country.This was an epic cock-up with every irresponsible ingredient. There wasCNN’s famous comparison of Ebola and the terrorists from the Islamic State, a purposeless endeavor designed for the sake of panic-infused, ratings-boosting synergy. CNN alsointroduced disease-freak pulp novelist Robin Cookas “the man who wrote the book on Ebola.” Fox News gave airtime to a dotty conspiracy theorist whose claim to famewas wandering around Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport dressed as an extra from “Contagion”emblazoned with the words “CDC is lying.”We could go on.Joe Scarborough went full nitwiton “Meet The Press.”There were a steady stream of know-nothings calling for travel bansCongenital liar Betsy McCaughey, who should have been dumped in the wilderness ages ago, was regularly presented as some sort of expert.All of this and much more.Ebola became a non-story-- closely paralleling the way Ebola suddenly became a non-issue in Congress.November 19, 20145:24 PM ETgame over" for the climate.the move was widely seen as something that would protect her re-election vulnerabilities. Also aiding and abetting those ambitions were hundreds of thousands of fossil fuel dollars.Per Oil Change Internationalas a virtual nonentityvapid political charadeBut man, did we ever all get caught up in this fabricated pseudo-event!Cassidy was even the co-sponsor of the House's Keystone billThese efforts fell one vote shy of success Tuesday in the Senate, as a breathless Washington watched these enormous exertions toward a nonexistent payoff reach their inconsequential end.Afterward,as The Huffington Post's Kate Sheppard reported, all the people who had backed Landrieu's play unleashed the stale talking points they had pre-drafted.These people deserve some sort of similar plaudit for maintaining, in the face of onrushing obviousness, the notion that what had transpired had any context outside Landrieu's electoral desperation.How comical was all of this? My favorite part of this story comes courtesy of Ashley Parker and Coral Davenport'safter-action report in The New York TimesHelping to kill the bill was noted NSA critic and Sen. Rand Paul(R-Ky.), who offered up his distaste for various Patriot Act reauthorizations as his rationale for pulling his support.As the Daily Beast's Tim Mak and Olivia Nuzzi pointed out, however, Paul's mind may have been more geared toward positioning himself for a presidential run than it was about the legislative principles.Would you like tofollow me on Twitter? Because why not?1:43 PM ETComedian andpudding pop addictBill Cosbywas accusedof rape on Tuesday by model Janice Dickinson, who joinsa growing number of womenwho have said that Cosby raped them. His response has been to deny, deflect and, on one occasion,literally refuse to speak about these claims. As a result, Cosby isgrossing out many of the brandsthat have hitherto shown a willingnessto be associated with him. This has given Fox News' media thought-haver Howard Kurtz the occasion to goofsplain"Why liberals are turning on Bill Cosby."The correct answer, by the way, is that it seems that Cosby is a creepy sexual predator.But Kurtz doesn't really care for the obvious answer, preferring instead this balderdash:comedian Hannibal Burress' remarks about Cosbythat gave thislong-moribund storynew life, and theJian Ghomeshi scandal in CanadaBut, yes, as Kurtz points out, it's true that many liberals (really, many black Americans)have bridled at Cosby's brand of respectability politicsthe president. And this is a worthwhile debate that's going to persist among perfectly decent and thoughtful people on all sides long after both Cosby and Obama quit the public stage.Why is that? Well, it's because Obama didn't allegedly drug and rape a bunch of women. This stuff isn't hard to figure out.multiple rape allegationsThere's a far more interesting question that Kurtz missed. Namely: Why would anyone whoembrace Cosby's brand of racial politics even want to continue to stick by Cosby? They're the ones who are in need of a new spokesmodel.[Would you like to? Because why not?]6:25 PM ETListen to this week's "So That Happened" below:"He is either taking the stupid pills, or more likely knows what to say to get the rubes all freaked out about Obama changing the Internet." -- Jason Linkins(Starting at around the 14:15 mark.)(Starting at around the 23:48 mark.)"It doesn't help that we're still politicking and arguing about the merits of something that's been law for four and a half years." -- Jeff YoungNovember 10, 201412:25 PM ETIn an announcementThat Huntsman calls Lieberman an "undisputed problem solver" who is averse to the "politics of point scoring" indicatesthat today is the first day Huntsman met Lieberman"Joe will play a key role in attracting presidential hopefuls to our growing club of problem solvers," Huntsman said.No Labels' club of "problem solvers" is interesting in that no club member is required to solve a problem.As Yahoo News' Meredith Shiner reported in JulyThere is no aspect of this story in which anything can be said to be "at stake." There are literally no stakes.a new organizing strategyin which the avowedly anti-congressional-gridlock organization washoping for an increase in congressional gridlock, in the hopes that its point of view would finally find some degree of salience that hadpreviously failed to materializeReached for comment, Irony told The Huffington Post, "As you can see, I'm not dead by a damn sight."5:28 PM EThe now spends time teaching others the hard lesson his mistakes taught himHere is a picture of Harteau posing with Gordon, one piece of information among many that didn't make KSTP's report.)Speaking of that report,here is how KSTP covered this "man and woman pose for a picture" storyWait wait wait wait, hold on ... gang signs?Yes, apparently the fact that Gordon and Hodges pointed at one another somehow ended up being characterized as throwing gang signs.KSTP's report goes onWhen asked to respond to the mayor's statement that she is just "pointing at him." He said, "she can't be that naive. I cannot imagine.""She is legitimizing these people. She is legitimizing gangs who are killing our children in Minneapolis and I just can't believe it. It hurts," Quinn said.Quinn says law enforcement agencies are "going to be pissed about this. They're going to be angry and they should be."KSTP has subsequently been mockedby the whole wide world, and with good reason.Earlier today,KSTP released a statementInstead, it went like this:We called KSTP for comment and here's what its recorded answering service advised us: "If you have a tip and suspect welfare fraud, press 4."2:30 PM ETheld a press briefingOver at The Washington Post, Dana Milbankremembers things differentlyin a lengthy address to the nation on Jan. 10, 2007with a renewed commitment to competence, as it turned outWhile we're pondering these recent midterms, however, there is something worth noting about how the world changed as a result of the 2006 elections. Or, rather, failed to change.Despite being brought back to power with an urgent mandate from America's voters to end the aforementioned Iraq War,the Democrats went on to essentially flop about in a dormant haze and let Bush do whatever he wantedNovember  5, 20144:19 PM ETSoAnd we mean thisliterally justhappened. The 2014 midterm elections are in the books, and for the Democratic party, it was one big coast-to-coastRed WeddingAn index of key moments in the discussion:Dems Got Waxed. What Happens Now Under GOP Rule?How Dems Can Fix Things For 2016The Lessons We Learned In 20142:41 PM ETWASHINGTON -- If you want to examine the gnarled roots of the Democrats' 2014 election-night mollywhopping, you should cast your mind back to the fall of 2008.It was at that point that then-Sen. Barack Obama (D-Ill.), the Democratic nominee for president at the time, provided just that. Hereluctant Democrats that as president, he would pursue major foreclosure relief efforts,a letterBut those promises were betrayed. The administration decided that changing bankruptcy laws, which would upset banks and bank-friendly politicians, wasn't worth a hit to their "political capital." To make matters worse, Obama and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner let big banks run the administration's mortgage modification program, converting a relief plan into anAtif Mian and Amir SufiAnd Tuesday's exit polls suggest that this was at the heart of the Democratic rout.Almost two-thirds of votersClinton-era levels, while corporate profits are through the roof.But Democrats can hardly be blamed for not being able to sell some of this nonsense on the campaign trail.tens of thousands of them into poverty” for no good reason.Just last week, the Education Department gutted a proposal that would have reined in predatory for-profit colleges. In nearly every conceivable international venue, the Obama administration has pressed toprotect high prescription drug pricesRecovery Summerin which the surf is always up but beach access is restricted for a lucky few.to chip away at Wall Street regulations.But as theNovember  4, 20145:15 PM ETThis is where most of the money spent by goofy billionaires trying to buy this election went.THE BESTThis ad actually isn’t that great, but everyone loves a good callback, and Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) bringing back the bloodhounds from anad he cut back in 1984will make the political junkies crack a smile.Anne Armstrong is running for the Rhode Island statehouse as a member of the Rhode Island Compassion Party. Hey, you do you, Anne. You do you. (Also: She is right!)THE WEIRDESTHey, here’s a couple of chickens having a bro-down in this attack ad against Iowa Senate candidate Bruce Braley (D), no big deal.Mitch McConnell's campaign team discovers auto-tune four years after it was a thing, proceeds to create an aural war crime using Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes’ last name.What if weird billionaires from out of state cut an ad accusing other weird billionaires from out of state of cutting ads?Welcome to the future, a snake devouring its own tail foreverThe spirit of Mike Gravel lives onTHE WORST:Arkansas Sen. Mark Pryor (D) also cut one of the worst ads of the cycle, this Ebola-fearmonger-y spot that all but accuses Rep. Tom Cotton (R) of being pro-Ebola.Several candidates used footage of James Foley's ISIS executioner -- including Allen Weh, GOP Senate candidate in New Mexico. Foley’s understandably aggrieved familyhad to demand that they stop doing thisVirgina Republican Senate candidate Ed Gillespie could have spent the last remaining dollars of his doomed campaign’s war chest ondo love their racial slurs!) His donors, whoever they are, thank him, I guess.that’s because it isn’t true. (Embed unavailable,view ad hereIt's not every day a campaign ad features the candidate getting hit in the crotch, but that day came for the GOP’s candidate for the Minnesota Senate seat, Mike McFadden:Current Texas Lieutenant Governor David Dewhurst will soon be Texas’When all else fails, hire a Morgan Freeman impersonator and compare yourself to Nelson Mandela. (Hey, this actually works for some candidates!November  1, 2014about to happen:That'sAbout To Happen" below:- Why The Elections Might Not Be Decided On Election Night- Let's Talk About The Senate RacesHow The Polls Are Wrong, Maybe?The Science Of Exit Polling2:16 PM ETThere's probably a lot more that you haven't heard about this story. And whenever a story in Canada breaks that may be of particular interest to Americans, we askHuffPost CanadaNews Editor Michael Bolen for answers:Ghomeshi was the host of one of our public broadcaster'smost popular radio shows, "Q."brushed asideby managers at the CBC and other powerful people in media and music.Well, things actually got started on Friday the 24th when media critic Jesse Brown, host of the media criticism podcast "CanadalandBrown plays a pivotal role in the story. A former CBC radio host himself,he had hinted earlierYou can read that hereOn Sunday, news broke that CBC had parted ways with Ghomeshi and the broadcaster put out that cryptic statement suggesting something bad had led them to sever the relationship.Then the story blew wide open. First Ghomeshi took to Facebook andposted a long statementBut then, late Sunday night, those explosive revelations started to roll in. Brown partnered with the Toronto Star, and its lawyers, andpublished a bombshell storywritten with Kevin Donovan, a veteran investigative journalist who had his hands all over the reporting on the Rob Ford crack scandal.At first, many Canadians remained either ignorant of the story's allegations or unwilling to accept the word of unnamed sources. A lot of people, includingprominent politiciansand columnists, continued to voice support for Ghomeshi.That was until Wednesday evening, when a new flood of allegations rolled in. First the CBC's top news show, "As It Happens,"interviewed another unnamed womanwho graphically detailed physical abuse by Ghomeshi. Thenthe Star published a new story, this time with allegations from eight women, including one who was named -- "Trailer Park Boys" actress Lucy DeCoutere.And it got darker. Soon after the Star published, news emerged that aTwitter account under the name @BigEarsTeddyhas launched an investigationon behalf of students who may have had contact with Ghomeshi.the acknowledgments of a 2012 bookhe wrote about his life.The tide of public opinion was now turning decisively against Ghomeshi.Another interview with an alleged victim on CBC radioon Thursday morning only added to the mounting case against him. And then on Thursday afternoon, a second woman put her name behind allegations of abuse. TheHuffington Post Canada published a prominent author and lawyer's storyof abuse at the hands of Ghomeshi:has now ordered a third-party investigationinto Ghomeshi's actions and is facing tough questions about what it knew and when.Police confirmed that they hadlaunched a criminal investigation into Ghomeshiafter two women came forward with complaints, the Toronto Star reported on Friday.Most people think the post was written by the PR firm Navigator, which specializes in managing the crises of the 1 percent. Its motto? "When you can't afford to lose."There's no place for the state in the bedrooms of the nation." In fact, Ghomeshi's lawsuit against the CBC, which many lawyers have decried as nothing more thana publicity stunt with virtually no chance of success, explicitly quotes former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau's declaration about sexual privacy.At first the Facebook post shaped the narrative. It was likely read and shared far more widely than the allegations of the first four women.But the allegations justcontinue to roll inAfter the story broke, I went back and readCarla Ciccone's story on xoJane, in which she described her interactions with Ghomeshi. (Ciccone's account does not explicitly name Ghomeshi, but it's full of clues.) Since then, I read this post -- "Do You Know About JianUmmm, Amanda Palmer? Kind of?No, even she seems to be backing down now.At first plenty of people close to Ghomeshi,such as the musician Lightshis friend Owen Pallett wrote things like: "Just ten days ago, I helped him find musicians for his father's funeral. Three women have said that Jian beat them without their consent."Where does this story go from here?In an interview published Thursday in Toronto Life, Jesse Brown sent this message: "Stay tuned. We've only just begunBelieve it or not, we've got Facebook and Twitter in Canada too.That's where these discussions start and we're definitely having themSo I don't think there's a big difference between Canada and the U.S. when it comes to gender equality. We've got plenty of pernicious prejudice and predation of our own.[CORRECTION: This article originally stated, incorrectly, that Ghomeshi had been a student at Carleton University. This has been corrected. We regret the error.]