Today is the birthday of American cartoonist Charles Monroe Schulz, that beloved "Peanuts" creator who would turn 92 years old if he were still alive today.1. The man, Charles Schulz, and the comic character, Charlie Brown, are pretty similar.Schulz's father2. Schulz's childhood nickname was based on a comic strip.Schulz's childhood nickname, Sparky, was given to him by his uncle and refers to the horse Spark Plug in Billy DeBeck's comic strip,"Barney Google3. Schulz had his own unusual dog named Spike.When Schulz was a young boy, he submitted a picture of his dog, Spike, toRipley's Believe It or Not! His drawing appeared in Robert Ripley's syndicated panel, describing Spike as an usual dog who ate pins, tacks and razor blades.4. Schulz served in WWII but never fired his weapon.In 1943,Schulz was drafted5. Schulz debuted his two most famous characters in a comic strip known as "Li'l Folks."The name of Schulz's most famous character -- Charlie Brown -- first appeared in an earlier cartoon written by the Peanuts creator titled"Li'l Folks", which was published from 1947 to 1950. That same series also featured a dog that resembled Snoopy.6. Schulz didn't actually name "Peanuts."In 1950, Schulz approached theUnited Feature Syndicate7. And he hated the name.Schulz always disliked the title of his famous comic strip, "Peanuts". In a1987 interview, Schulz said of the name: "It's totally ridiculous, has no meaning, is simply confusing, and has no dignity -- and I think my humor has dignity."8. Schulz wanted to call Snoopy "Sniffy."Schulz was originally going to call his star dog character "Sniffy"9. And Schulz wanted Snoopy to be entirely silent.Schulz originally imagined Snoopy as a silent character. It was only after two years of the comic that Snoopy verbalized his thoughts to readers in a thought balloon in 1952.10. Schulz named many of the other "Peanuts" characters after his friends.Linus and Shermy, prominent characters in the Peanuts comic strip, were named for good friends of Schulz, Linus Maurer and Sherman Plepler.11. Relatives served as inspiration too.The character ofPeppermint Pattywas inspired by Patricia Swanson, one of Schulz's cousins on his mother's side. Schulz came up with the full name when he saw peppermint candies in his house.12. And ex-girlfriends.The character of theLittle Red-Haired Girl13. Schulz was adamant about "A Charlie Brown Christmas."For "A Charlie Brown Christmas", network executives were hesitant about a scene involving Linus reciting the story of Christ's birth. But in adocumentary about the making of the program15. Schulz was an avid hockey fan.Charles M. Schulz Highland Arenain his honor.16. Schulz loved the Space Program.Schulz was also a huge proponent of the space program, so much so that the 1969Apollo 10command module was named Charlie Brown and a lunar module was named Snoopy.17. Schulz was pals with Reagan.Ronald Reaganonce wrote a fan note to Schulz saying that the president identified with Charlie Brown.18. Schulz really wanted Charlie Brown to kick the football.December 1999 interview18. Schulz was inducted into the U.S. Figure Skating Hall of Fame.Schulz was posthumously inducted into theUnited States Figure Skating Hall of Famein 2007.19. Schulz was published in 75 countries.At its height, Schulz'sPeanutscomic strip was published in 75 countries, in 21 different languages.20. Schulz created one of the longest stories ever told by one human being.According toRobert Thompson of Syracuse University, Schulz created "arguably the longest story ever told by one human being". In total, Schulz produced 17,897 published strips from 1950 to 2000, with reruns continuing after.In honor of Charles Schulz birthday, we are revisiting a post originally published last year honoring the artist's life and work.Today is the birthday of American cartoonist Charles Monroe Schulz, that beloved "Peanuts" creator who would turn 92 years old if he were still alive today.1. The man, Charles Schulz, and the comic character, Charlie Brown, are pretty similar.Schulz's father2. Schulz's childhood nickname was based on a comic strip.Schulz's childhood nickname, Sparky, was given to him by his uncle and refers to the horse Spark Plug in Billy DeBeck's comic strip,"Barney Google3. Schulz had his own unusual dog named Spike.When Schulz was a young boy, he submitted a picture of his dog, Spike, toRipley's Believe It or Not! His drawing appeared in Robert Ripley's syndicated panel, describing Spike as an usual dog who ate pins, tacks and razor blades.4. Schulz served in WWII but never fired his weapon.In 1943,Schulz was drafted5. Schulz debuted his two most famous characters in a comic strip known as "Li'l Folks."The name of Schulz's most famous character -- Charlie Brown -- first appeared in an earlier cartoon written by the Peanuts creator titled"Li'l Folks", which was published from 1947 to 1950. That same series also featured a dog that resembled Snoopy.6. Schulz didn't actually name "Peanuts."In 1950, Schulz approached theUnited Feature Syndicate7. And he hated the name.Schulz always disliked the title of his famous comic strip, "Peanuts". In a1987 interview, Schulz said of the name: "It's totally ridiculous, has no meaning, is simply confusing, and has no dignity -- and I think my humor has dignity."8. Schulz wanted to call Snoopy "Sniffy."Schulz was originally going to call his star dog character "Sniffy"9. And Schulz wanted Snoopy to be entirely silent.Schulz originally imagined Snoopy as a silent character. It was only after two years of the comic that Snoopy verbalized his thoughts to readers in a thought balloon in 1952.10. Schulz named many of the other "Peanuts" characters after his friends.Linus and Shermy, prominent characters in the Peanuts comic strip, were named for good friends of Schulz, Linus Maurer and Sherman Plepler.11. Relatives served as inspiration too.The character ofPeppermint Pattywas inspired by Patricia Swanson, one of Schulz's cousins on his mother's side. Schulz came up with the full name when he saw peppermint candies in his house.12. And ex-girlfriends.The character of theLittle Red-Haired Girl13. Schulz was adamant about "A Charlie Brown Christmas."For "A Charlie Brown Christmas", network executives were hesitant about a scene involving Linus reciting the story of Christ's birth. But in adocumentary about the making of the program15. Schulz was an avid hockey fan.Charles M. Schulz Highland Arenain his honor.16. Schulz loved the Space Program.Schulz was also a huge proponent of the space program, so much so that the 1969Apollo 10command module was named Charlie Brown and a lunar module was named Snoopy.17. Schulz was pals with Reagan.Ronald Reaganonce wrote a fan note to Schulz saying that the president identified with Charlie Brown.18. Schulz really wanted Charlie Brown to kick the football.December 1999 interview18. Schulz was inducted into the U.S. Figure Skating Hall of Fame.Schulz was posthumously inducted into theUnited States Figure Skating Hall of Famein 2007.19. Schulz was published in 75 countries.At its height, Schulz'sPeanutscomic strip was published in 75 countries, in 21 different languages.20. Schulz created one of the longest stories ever told by one human being.According toRobert Thompson of Syracuse University, Schulz created "arguably the longest story ever told by one human being". In total, Schulz produced 17,897 published strips from 1950 to 2000, with reruns continuing after.In honor of Charles Schulz birthday, we are revisiting a post originally published last year honoring the artist's life and work.Karageorge's parents filed a missing-person report Wednesday evening, listing him as white, 6-foot-5, 285 pounds, bearded and bald."We're very concerned that he's not himself and that he maybe doesn't know what's going on," she told the newspaper.She said after each concussion he followed trainers' instructions and received proper care but "his repercussions from (concussions) have been long-term or delayed."She said he was without his wallet and his motorcycle.Columbus police are investigating Karageorge's disappearance as a missing-person case, the Dispatch reported.Ohio State coach Urban Meyer described him as a hard worker and an important player in practice."Our thoughts continue to be with the family of Kosta Karageorge, and we pray that he is safe and that he is found soon," Meyer said in a statement.About 100 people gathered Friday afternoon in Columbus to spread fliers with his photo and description.Associated Press writers Rusty Miller and Kantele Franko contributed to this report.Kansas City Royals pitcher Danny Duffy reacts after the San Francisco Giants' Pablo Sandoval singled in the fifth inning during Game 4 of the World Series at ATPark in San Francisco, on Friday, Oct. 25, 2014. (David Eulitt/Kansas City Star/MCT via Getty Images)Team USA players and coaches huddle after Indiana Pacers' Paul George was injured during the USA Basketball Showcase game Friday, Aug. 1, 2014, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/John Locher)via Getty Images)Country Club on April 18, 2014 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.  (Photo by Getty Images)10ThingstoSeeSports - The New Zealand rugby team dance after winning the Hong Kong Sevens rugby tournament against England in Hong Kong, Sunday, March 30, 2014. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung, File)Horses make their way around turn one during the 1 th Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 4, 2013, in Louisville, Ky. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)Athletes start the New Zealand Ironman on March 2, 2013 in Taupo, New Zealand. (Phil Walter / Getty Images)4-3. (Stephen Haas / AP)Sweden's skip Margaretha Sigfridsson shouts during her gold medal game against Scotland at the 2013 world women's curling championship in Riga, Latvia, Sunday, March 24, 2013.  (Roman Koksarov / AP)Texas ANathalie Pechalat and Fabian Bourzat, of France, perform during a practice session for the World Figure Skating Championships, Tuesday, March 12, 2013, in London, Ontario. (Darron Cummings / AP)Andy Jones of the United States competes during the Red Bull Cliff Diving qualifying round in the Hawkesbury River on January 31, 2013 in Sydney, Australia.  (Cameron Spencer, Getty Images)Jonathan Cassar competes in the senior men's free skate program at the U.S. figure skating championships in Omaha, Neb., Sunday, Jan. 27, 2013. (Nati Harnik, AP)Matt Hopper of Quins is upended during the LV= Cup match between Harlequins and London Welsh at Twickenham Stoop on January 26, 2013 in London, England. (Tom Shaw, Getty Images)Ashley Cain competes in the Ladies Short Program during the 2013 Prudential U.S. Figure Skating Championships at CenturyLink Center on January 24, 2013 in Omaha, Nebraska. (Jonathan Daniel, Getty Images)France's Renaud Lavillenie competes in the men's pole vault final at the World Athletics Championships in the Luzhniki stadium in Moscow, Russia, Monday, Aug. 12, 2013. (David J. Phillip/AP)A spectator sits in a stairwell during a rain delay at the 2013 U.S. Open tennis tournament, Wednesday, Aug. 28, 2013, in New York. (David Goldman/AP)Pablo Cesar Cano, right, lands a punch against Ashley Theophane in the eighth round during a welterweight fight, Saturday, Sept. 14, 2013, in Las Vegas. (Mark J. Terrill/AP)Tatiana Volosozhar and Maxim Trankov, of Russia, compete in the pairs short program at the Skate America figure skating competition in Detroit, Saturday, Oct. 19, 2013. (Carlos Osorio/AP)Terrence Ross of the Toronto Raptors goes up during the dunk contest at NBA basketball All-Star Saturday Night, Feb. 16, 2013, in Houston. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)South Carolina faces off against Mississippi State at Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, South Carolina, on Saturday, November 2, 2013. (Kim Kim Foster-Tobin/The State/MCT/Getty Images)Chessboxers compete during the Chess Boxing Championships 2013 at the Izvestia Hall on November 28, 2013 in Moscow, Russia. (Anton Belitskiy/Kommersant/Getty Images)Mom of OSU Buckeye Kosta Karageorge says son is missing ...Family reports Ohio State football player is missing | The Columbus ...Ohio State football player Kosta Karageorge reported missing  family ...Report: Ohio State football player Kosta Karageorge missing | FOX ...Ohio State's Kosta Karageorge missing according to mother, policeCops, family search for Kosta Karageorge of Ohio State Buckeyes ...Ohio State lineman Kosta Karageorge is missing, says mother - SI.comOhio State's Kosta Karageorge's Mom Announces Son Is Missing ...Search on for Missing Ohio State Football Player - ABC NewsOhio State Walk-On Defensive Lineman Kosta Karageorge ...Report: Ohio State football player Kosta Karageorge missingOhio State walk-on Kosta Karageorge reportedly...Ohio State walk-on Kosta Karageorge reported missing. How you can helpSearch on for Missing Ohio State Football PlayerOhio State defensive lineman Kosta Karageorge missing, his mother and police ...Family reports Ohio State football player Kosta Karageorge missingFamily reports Ohio State football player missing since early yesterdaySearch underway for Ohio State defensive tackle who has been missing since ...Ohio State football player reported missing by familyFamily of Ohio State player says he's been missing since Wednesday