Behold, the Thanksgiving maskers of the early 1900s:Thanksgiving Maskers via Bain News Service/Library of CongressWe came across the above image courtesy of Greg Young, a writer for The Bowery Boys: New York City History, who recentlypaid homage to the forgotten custom of maskingelaborated on the imagesRagamuffin DayPortraits of maskers have been preserved in the Library of Congress' online archives -- part of theGeorge Grantham Bain collectionThanksgiving turkey shopping via Bain News Service/Library of CongressEarlier on HuffPost:We'll start with a real challenge. This one has plagued every fan of "The Garden of Earthly Delights." The correct pronunciation: Hi-RAHN-eh-mus Bosh.Ok, so it's probably just Mr. Kandinsky's first name that baffled you. It's VUH-sill-ee KAN-din-skee. No Wa-silly necessary. We doubt the Russian artist would have appreciated that strange nickname.You can't truly admire "The Great Wave off Kanagawa" without properly pronouncing the artist's name, right? Say it with us: Hoe-koo-SIGH. Or Hock-sigh if you can muster the speed.The next time you're ogling the French sculptor's works, you can confidently comment on his impeccable craftsmanship with this helpful hint: It's Oh-GOOST Roh-DAN."A Sunday on La Grande Jatte" (Wikimedia)The first name's a breeze. The second name is really just as easy: Gowdy (like Howdy).Impress your architecture-loving friends with a swift and smooth pronunciation of the design pioneer's name: Luh Cor-boo-see-YAY.Remember this 13th century Italian painter and mosaicist? His name is pronounced Chee-ma-BOO-ay.No, it's not Cass-et. It's Cuh-SAHT. Now you can truly appreciate her works' impressionist beauty.Don't say Der-er. Try ALL-BREKT DEWR (or D-yer).When admiring the work of the Swiss sculptor, painter, and printmaker, you should say, "I really enjoy the surreal experimentation of Ja-koe-met-ee."No one paints a better dramatically grim raft scene than Zhair-i-KOE.Without Da-GAIR, we would never have enjoyed the 19th century wonder that was the daguerreotype.The man behind the scandalous "Origin of the World" painting: Goo-STAHV Kor-BAY.Easy: JA-toe.So. Many. Syllables. Tough them out with this pronunciation tip: Ed-werd MY-bridge.The illusive sixth vowel makes this one a bit overwhelming. The name is EVE TANG-EEE.So short, yet somewhat difficult to decipher. Repeat after us: TISH-in.Yes, you can say "Vincent van Go" or "Vincent van Goff," but a closer pronunciation of the Dutch name would actually be vun Khokh. It's obviously debatable.How do you pronounce the name of the French-American sculptor known for her spider-like creations? Boo-ZHWAThe double "u" can really hold a person back. But it's just Paul Go-GAN.Yawn vun EYE-k. Or "Fun" if you're feeling bold.Never Mun-ch, always Moonk."Oh, what a beautiful Ren-WA painting you have."You know he created more than a handful of ballet-inspired artworks, but you're unsure of how to say his name? Ed-gar Deh-GAH.The French Romantic's name is Yoo-gene Del-a-QUA. (Or Oo-zhen if you're feeling optimistic.)The painter and printmaker's full name is Henri Marie Raymond de Toulouse-Lautrec-Monfa, but let's stick with the short version: AHN-ree deh Tah-LOOSE Lah-TREK.Nope, don't say Henry. It's Awn-REE Mah-TEESE.