be the first).To ensure that you don't make this terrible faux pas, we've rounded up eight outfits that will be perfect for your turkey coma. Ready, set, chow down!1. Go for a cape  it's basically like wearing a blanket to dinner. And the best part? You can cozy up in it for your post-meal nap.Photo courtesy ofLookbook.nu/ohhcouture2. A sweater dress is your new BFF -- especially if your dinner is on the fancier side.Lookbook.nu/ejstyle3. Whatever the question, a shift dress is the answer -- it isn't clingy, so you can keep eatin'.Lookbook.nu/duchessoffashion4. Why not just wear pajamas? Not your old college T-shirt and boxers, but a cute matching set that could also double as a chic outfit.Lookbook.nu/brainstylist5. Wear your boyfriend jeans -- maybe you can even hide a dinner roll in your pocket for a late night snack?6. When in doubt, throw on a jumpsuit. You won't have to worry about finding a top that matches your bottoms. Plus, they're insanely comfy.Lookbook.nu/prisciladiniz7. Grab your favorite pair of leggings. After all, Thanksgiving dinner is kind of like working out. After all, both require lots of stamina.Lookbook.nu/melisad8. A high-waisted skirt is a smart choice because it won't be too tight around your tummy.Lookbook.nu/ericalavelanetZara Pajama-Style Trousers With Side Stripes,  36 79ASOS 5 Pocket Peg Trousers In Check,  36 85ASOS CURVE Exclusive Trouser with Wide Leg,  36 47Ann Taylor Beaded Ankle Pants,  36 98Madewell Rivington Trousers In Leopard Jacquard,  36 168Ann Taylor LOFT Drapey Floral Pants In Julie Fit,  36 69Ann Taylor LOFT Wool Twill Pleated Wide-Leg Trousers,  36 89Aritzia Babaton Henrik Pant,  36 135Trademark Pedmond Carpenter Pant,  36 225Reformation Rye Pant,  36 178Women's Plus The Pixie Ankle Pants,  36 38ASOS CURVE Exclusive Peg Trouser In Baroque Floral Print,  36 41Cynthia Rowley Bonded Leggings,  36 245Lane Bryant Lena Smart Stretch Windowpane Pant,  36 69Banana Republic Green Drapey Pant,  36 98Holiday Outfit Ideas for Thanksgiving Inspired by Celebrities ...Outfits Perfect for Hanging With the Family This Thanksgiving, Courtesy of ...Thanksgiving Dress Code: What to Wear to DinnerThree Thanksgiving gathering outfit ideas to wear this yearHow Do You: Decide What To Wear For Thanksgiving?