The annual pre-Thanksgiving tradition is finally upon us. In the tradition   s 25th year, PresidentBarack Obamawill pardon two lucky turkeys, named Mac and Cheese, in the Rose Garden this afternoon.Happy Thanksgiving from FishbowlDC!Watch live at 2:15 PM/ET viaPBS NewsHourBroadcast live streaming video on UstreamTVNewser has the fullratings scoreboardfrom Monday night.PR News Online just released thefirst-ever listof women named to its new Top Women in PR Awards program 8211 and most of the names won   t surprise you.In some non-Ferguson related news 8230  CNN   sChris Moody spent time with Congresswoman Michele Bachmannand Congressman Steve Kinglast week at the US-Mexico border. Chris discussed President Obama   s new executive order on immigration with the two staunchly opposed representatives.captured footage of a pregnant woman crossing the river, as well as what they claimed were narcotraffickers.Chris at dinner with King and Bachmann. ¡Salud!However, King and Bachmann must   ve chosen a slow traffic day when returning with CNN, because this time, they were unable to find any border indiscretions.Mourners of the lateMarion Barry, Jr DC   s four-term mayor who passed away on Sunday, can pay their respects next Saturday, Dec. 6, during a public memorial service at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center.According to The Washington Post,there will be a series of memorial events next week for Barry leading up to the Saturday service.The city is expected to hold a press conference this afternoon with more details. Stay tuned.CNN   sJohn KingBret Baierand CNN   s Wolf BlitzerUnfortunately, the Wizards fell to the Hawks 106-102 in somewhat of a sloppy performance.Let   s go Wizkids! #dcRisingWhat   s Happening— Thanksgiving, Thursday—  8220 Yes, Virginia 8221  Family Day at the Newseum, Saturday at 9 a.m.The Revolving DoorKnow someone starting or leaving a job? Let us know.Fishbowl Fun FactOnly male turkeys gobble. Female turkeys, called hens, cackle.Front Page of the DayABC   shas apparently landed the first interview with officerDarren Wilsonfollowing news that he will not be indicted.via Twitterthat the hourlong sit-down has already been taped.No word yet on when the interview will air.Dylan Byersof POLITICO,Karen Finney, former DNC spokesperson and MSNBC commentator, will join Media Matters For America as a senior fellow and consultant. The liberal watchdog group told POLITICOthat Finney,  8220 will write regular commentary pieces for Media Matters in addition to continuing her independent consultancy and other projects. 8221Finney previously worked in the Clinton White House as well ass first New York Senate race. She was also the first African-American spokeswoman for the DNC and has been an MSNBC commentator and guest host since 2009.NPR   s former vice president and and chief content officer,Kinsey Wilson  8221 He will be the newsroom’s main liaison on digital matters to the business side of The Times Company, 8221  the Times said in aWilson, who led and transformed NPR   s digital strategy over the last six years, was let go last month as part of a major reorganization at the organization.Dean Baquet,executive editor of The New York Times wrote in a memo obtained byNEXT PAGE