Today is the birthday of American cartoonist Charles Monroe Schulz, that beloved "Peanuts" creator who would turn 92 years old if he were still alive today.1. The man, Charles Schulz, and the comic character, Charlie Brown, are pretty similar.Schulz's father2. Schulz's childhood nickname was based on a comic strip.Schulz's childhood nickname, Sparky, was given to him by his uncle and refers to the horse Spark Plug in Billy DeBeck's comic strip,"Barney Google3. Schulz had his own unusual dog named Spike.When Schulz was a young boy, he submitted a picture of his dog, Spike, toRipley's Believe It or Not! His drawing appeared in Robert Ripley's syndicated panel, describing Spike as an usual dog who ate pins, tacks and razor blades.4. Schulz served in WWII but never fired his weapon.In 1943,Schulz was drafted5. Schulz debuted his two most famous characters in a comic strip known as "Li'l Folks."The name of Schulz's most famous character -- Charlie Brown -- first appeared in an earlier cartoon written by the Peanuts creator titled"Li'l Folks", which was published from 1947 to 1950. That same series also featured a dog that resembled Snoopy.6. Schulz didn't actually name "Peanuts."In 1950, Schulz approached theUnited Feature Syndicate7. And he hated the name.Schulz always disliked the title of his famous comic strip, "Peanuts". In a1987 interview, Schulz said of the name: "It's totally ridiculous, has no meaning, is simply confusing, and has no dignity -- and I think my humor has dignity."8. Schulz wanted to call Snoopy "Sniffy."Schulz was originally going to call his star dog character "Sniffy"9. And Schulz wanted Snoopy to be entirely silent.Schulz originally imagined Snoopy as a silent character. It was only after two years of the comic that Snoopy verbalized his thoughts to readers in a thought balloon in 1952.10. Schulz named many of the other "Peanuts" characters after his friends.Linus and Shermy, prominent characters in the Peanuts comic strip, were named for good friends of Schulz, Linus Maurer and Sherman Plepler.11. Relatives served as inspiration too.The character ofPeppermint Pattywas inspired by Patricia Swanson, one of Schulz's cousins on his mother's side. Schulz came up with the full name when he saw peppermint candies in his house.12. And ex-girlfriends.The character of theLittle Red-Haired Girl13. Schulz was adamant about "A Charlie Brown Christmas."For "A Charlie Brown Christmas", network executives were hesitant about a scene involving Linus reciting the story of Christ's birth. But in adocumentary about the making of the program15. Schulz was an avid hockey fan.Charles M. Schulz Highland Arenain his honor.16. Schulz loved the Space Program.Schulz was also a huge proponent of the space program, so much so that the 1969Apollo 10command module was named Charlie Brown and a lunar module was named Snoopy.17. Schulz was pals with Reagan.Ronald Reaganonce wrote a fan note to Schulz saying that the president identified with Charlie Brown.18. Schulz really wanted Charlie Brown to kick the football.December 1999 interview18. Schulz was inducted into the U.S. Figure Skating Hall of Fame.Schulz was posthumously inducted into theUnited States Figure Skating Hall of Famein 2007.19. Schulz was published in 75 countries.At its height, Schulz'sPeanutscomic strip was published in 75 countries, in 21 different languages.20. Schulz created one of the longest stories ever told by one human being.According toRobert Thompson of Syracuse University, Schulz created "arguably the longest story ever told by one human being". In total, Schulz produced 17,897 published strips from 1950 to 2000, with reruns continuing after.In honor of Charles Schulz birthday, we are revisiting a post originally published last year honoring the artist's life and work.